# SSR Links (334 recent)

```
// #3769/AS46844: United States
ssr://NjcuMjEuODEuMjQwOjgzODg6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOmNHRnpjM2R2Y21RLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpNM05qa3ZRVk0wTmpnME5Eb2dWVzVwZEdWa0lGTjBZWFJsY3cmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #A8BA/AS54600: China
ssr://MTk4LjIuMjUzLjM3OjEwNTU6YXV0aF9zaGExX3Y0OnJjNC1tZDU6cGxhaW46TWpreWJtRXhjMmcvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMEU0UWtFdlFWTTFORFl3TURvZ1EyaHBibUUmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #F90F/AS57494: Russia
ssr://NDYuMjkuMTYyLjQ2OjEwMjY6b3JpZ2luOnJjNC1tZDU6cGxhaW46T1RGMmNHNHVZMlkvP29iZnNwYXJhbT01THVZNkxTNVUxTlM1ck9vNVlhTU9taDBkSEE2THk5MExtTnVMMFZIU2tsNWNtdyZwcm90b3BhcmFtPWRDNXRaUzlUVTFKVFZVSSZyZW1hcmtzPUkwWTVNRVl2UVZNMU56UTVORG9nVW5WemMybGgmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #8B6D/AS20473: Germany
ssr://NDUuNzYuODAuMjIxOjQ0MzpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46Vms5VFEyRXhXa2MvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JemhDTmtRdlFWTXlNRFEzTXpvZ1IyVnliV0Z1ZVEmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #B56A/AS25820: United States
ssr://MjMuMTA2LjE0MC4yMjc6NDQzOm9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpUbWRNUmpkM1MwSS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUkwSTFOa0V2UVZNeU5UZ3lNRG9nVlc1cGRHVmtJRk4wWVhSbGN3Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #23CE/AS51659: Russia
ssr://MTc2LjMyLjMzLjE0Mjo0NTY6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfc2hhMTphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpodHRwX3Bvc3Q6TW1nek4zUm4vP29iZnNwYXJhbT1PR1prTW1ZME5qWXhMbTFwWTNKdmMyOW1kQzVqYjIwJnByb3RvcGFyYW09TkRZMk1UcHNPRWszZFRRJnJlbWFya3M9SXpJelEwVXZRVk0xTVRZMU9Ub2dVblZ6YzJsaCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #4DAA/AS11403: United States
ssr://NjQuNTIuMTYyLjExOTo0MTc0MjphdXRoX2NoYWluX2E6bm9uZTpodHRwX3NpbXBsZTpiRGhKTjNVMC8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6UkVRVUV2UVZNeE1UUXdNem9nVlc1cGRHVmtJRk4wWVhSbGN3Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #9AC4/AS53889: United States
ssr://MTk5LjIyMy4xMTkuODM6ODA5NzpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46WlVsWE1FUnVhelk1TkRVMFpUWnVVM2QxYzNCMk9VUnRVekl3TVhSUk1FUS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPTVMdVk2TFM1VTFOUzVyT281WWFNT21oMGRIQTZMeTkwTG1OdUwwVkhTa2w1Y213JnByb3RvcGFyYW09ZEM1dFpTOVRVMUpUVlVJJnJlbWFya3M9SXpsQlF6UXZRVk0xTXpnNE9Ub2dWVzVwZEdWa0lGTjBZWFJsY3cmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #1019/AS40824: Netherlands
ssr://MTg1LjE4Ni4yNDUuNDQ6ODA5NzpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46WlVsWE1FUnVhelk1TkRVMFpUWnVVM2QxYzNCMk9VUnRVekl3TVhSUk1FUS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPU1URGxoWU14ZE9henFPV0dqRHBvZEhSd09pOHZkQzVqYmk5RlIwcEplWEpzJnByb3RvcGFyYW09ZEM1dFpTOVRVMUpUVlVJJnJlbWFya3M9SXpFd01Ua3ZRVk0wTURneU5Eb2dUbVYwYUdWeWJHRnVaSE0mZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #20B5/AS174: United States
ssr://MTk4LjI1NS4xMDMuNjI6ODA5NzpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46WlVsWE1FUnVhelk1TkRVMFpUWnVVM2QxYzNCMk9VUnRVekl3TVhSUk1FUS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPU1URGxoWU14ZE9henFPV0dqRHBvZEhSd09pOHZkQzVqYmk5RlIwcEplWEpzJnByb3RvcGFyYW09ZEM1dFpTOVRVMUpUVlVJJnJlbWFya3M9SXpJd1FqVXZRVk14TnpRNklGVnVhWFJsWkNCVGRHRjBaWE0mZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #7CCE/AS174: United States
ssr://MTkyLjI0MC45OS4xODI6ODA5NzpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46WlVsWE1FUnVhelk1TkRVMFpUWnVVM2QxYzNCMk9VUnRVekl3TVhSUk1FUS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPU1URGxoWU14ZE9henFPV0dqRHBvZEhSd09pOHZkQzVqYmk5RlIwcEplWEpzJnByb3RvcGFyYW09ZEM1dFpTOVRVMUpUVlVJJnJlbWFya3M9SXpkRFEwVXZRVk14TnpRNklGVnVhWFJsWkNCVGRHRjBaWE0mZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #5055/AS35913: United States
ssr://OTEuMTg5LjE4Ny4xNDo4MDgwOm9yaWdpbjpyYzQtbWQ1OnBsYWluOk1USXpORFUyLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09TVREbGhZTXhkT2F6cU9XR2pEcG9kSFJ3T2k4dmRDNWpiaTlGUjBwSmVYSnMmcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1kQzV0WlM5VFUxSlRWVUkmcmVtYXJrcz1JelV3TlRVdlFWTXpOVGt4TXpvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUZOMFlYUmxjdyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #1C65/AS57494: Russia
ssr://OTEuMTg4LjIyMy43Mjo4MDpvcmlnaW46cmM0LW1kNTpwbGFpbjpkQzV0WlM5VFUxSlRWVUkvP29iZnNwYXJhbT01THVZNkxTNVUxTlM1ck9vNVlhTU9taDBkSEE2THk5MExtTnVMMFZIU2tsNWNtdyZwcm90b3BhcmFtPWRDNXRaUzlUVTFKVFZVSSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6RkROalV2UVZNMU56UTVORG9nVW5WemMybGgmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #2DE5/AS57494: Russia
ssr://OTEuMTg4LjIyMy43Mjo4MDgwOmF1dGhfc2hhMV92NDpyYzQtbWQ1Omh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOmFIUjBjRG92TDNRdVkyNHZSVWRLU1hseWJBLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpKRVJUVXZRVk0xTnpRNU5Eb2dVblZ6YzJsaCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #E1D5/AS57494: Russia
ssr://OTEuMTg4LjIyMy43Mjo1NDM6YXV0aF9zaGExX3Y0OnJjNC1tZDU6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6YUhSMGNEb3ZMM1F1WTI0dlVrUXdSRGR6ZUEvP29iZnNwYXJhbT01THVZNkxTNVUxTlM1ck9vNVlhTU9taDBkSEE2THk5MExtTnVMMFZIU2tsNWNtdyZwcm90b3BhcmFtPWRDNXRaUzlUVTFKVFZVSSZyZW1hcmtzPUkwVXhSRFV2UVZNMU56UTVORG9nVW5WemMybGgmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #E702/AS20473: United States
ssr://MjA3LjI0Ni45Ny4yMzE6NTY3OTphdXRoX3NoYTFfdjQ6YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46Y1dsNGFXNXJaV3BwLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9STBVM01ESXZRVk15TURRM016b2dWVzVwZEdWa0lGTjBZWFJsY3cmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #14D9/AS63949: United States
ssr://MTcyLjEwNC4yMTguMjMwOjQ0MzpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46T1dRMlkyTmxZV0V6TnpOaVpqSmpPR0ZqWWpJeVpUWXdZalpoTlRoaVpUWS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPTVMdVk2TFM1VTFOUzVyT281WWFNT21oMGRIQTZMeTkwTG1OdUwwVkhTa2w1Y213JnByb3RvcGFyYW09ZEM1dFpTOVRVMUpUVlVJJnJlbWFya3M9SXpFMFJEa3ZRVk0yTXprME9Ub2dWVzVwZEdWa0lGTjBZWFJsY3cmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #602D/AS63949: United States
ssr://MTcyLjEwNC4yMTcuMTM4OjQ0MzpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46T1dRMlkyTmxZV0V6TnpOaVpqSmpPR0ZqWWpJeVpUWXdZalpoTlRoaVpUWS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPTVMdVk2TFM1VTFOUzVyT281WWFNT21oMGRIQTZMeTkwTG1OdUwwVkhTa2w1Y213JnByb3RvcGFyYW09ZEM1dFpTOVRVMUpUVlVJJnJlbWFya3M9SXpZd01rUXZRVk0yTXprME9Ub2dWVzVwZEdWa0lGTjBZWFJsY3cmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #9701/AS63949: United States
ssr://MTcyLjEwNC4zMS4xNTI6NDQzOm9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpPV1EyWTJObFlXRXpOek5pWmpKak9HRmpZakl5WlRZd1lqWmhOVGhpWlRZLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09NUx1WTZMUzVVMU5TNXJPbzVZYU1PbWgwZEhBNkx5OTBMbU51TDBWSFNrbDVjbXcmcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1kQzV0WlM5VFUxSlRWVUkmcmVtYXJrcz1JemszTURFdlFWTTJNemswT1RvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUZOMFlYUmxjdyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #6D9C/AS63949: United States
ssr://MTk4Ljc0LjU4LjQwOjQ0MzpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46T1dRMlkyTmxZV0V6TnpOaVpqSmpPR0ZqWWpJeVpUWXdZalpoTlRoaVpUWS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPTVMdVk2TFM1VTFOUzVyT281WWFNT21oMGRIQTZMeTkwTG1OdUwwVkhTa2w1Y213JnByb3RvcGFyYW09ZEM1dFpTOVRVMUpUVlVJJnJlbWFya3M9SXpaRU9VTXZRVk0yTXprME9Ub2dWVzVwZEdWa0lGTjBZWFJsY3cmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #7B5B/AS63949: United States
ssr://MTcyLjEwNC4yNC4yMTo0NDM6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOk9XUTJZMk5sWVdFek56TmlaakpqT0dGallqSXlaVFl3WWpaaE5UaGlaVFkvP29iZnNwYXJhbT01THVZNkxTNVUxTlM1ck9vNVlhTU9taDBkSEE2THk5MExtTnVMMFZIU2tsNWNtdyZwcm90b3BhcmFtPWRDNXRaUzlUVTFKVFZVSSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6ZENOVUl2UVZNMk16azBPVG9nVlc1cGRHVmtJRk4wWVhSbGN3Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #512C/AS63949: United States
ssr://MTcyLjEwNC4yMTUuMjQ6NDQzOm9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpPV1EyWTJObFlXRXpOek5pWmpKak9HRmpZakl5WlRZd1lqWmhOVGhpWlRZLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09NUx1WTZMUzVVMU5TNXJPbzVZYU1PbWgwZEhBNkx5OTBMbU51TDBWSFNrbDVjbXcmcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1kQzV0WlM5VFUxSlRWVUkmcmVtYXJrcz1JelV4TWtNdlFWTTJNemswT1RvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUZOMFlYUmxjdyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #5607/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTM5LjE2Mi4xMTUuMjE1OjgwOTc6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOlpVbFhNRVJ1YXpZNU5EVTBaVFp1VTNkMWMzQjJPVVJ0VXpJd01YUlJNRVEvP29iZnNwYXJhbT01THVZNkxTNVUxTlM1ck9vNVlhTU9taDBkSEE2THk5MExtTnVMMFZIU2tsNWNtdyZwcm90b3BhcmFtPWRDNXRaUzlUVTFKVFZVSSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6VTJNRGN2UVZNMk16azBPVG9nU21Gd1lXNCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #D1A6/AS35916: United States
ssr://MTk4LjIxMS4xMC44Nzo0NDM6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfc2hhMTphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpodHRwX3NpbXBsZTpjMjlqYTJKdmIyMHVkRzl3Lz9vYmZzcGFyYW09VG05dVpRJnByb3RvcGFyYW09VG05dVpRJnJlbWFya3M9STBReFFUWXZRVk16TlRreE5qb2dWVzVwZEdWa0lGTjBZWFJsY3cmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #973A/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTcyLjEwNC4xMjMuMTU4OjgwOTc6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOlpVbFhNRVJ1YXpZNU5EVTBaVFp1VTNkMWMzQjJPVVJ0VXpJd01YUlJNRVEvP29iZnNwYXJhbT01THVZNkxTNVUxTlM1ck9vNVlhTU9taDBkSEE2THk5MExtTnVMMFZIU2tsNWNtdyZwcm90b3BhcmFtPWRDNXRaUzlUVTFKVFZVSSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6azNNMEV2UVZNMk16azBPVG9nU21Gd1lXNCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #BE3E/AS63949: United States
ssr://NDUuMzMuNDguMTU1OjgwOTc6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOlpVbFhNRVJ1YXpZNU5EVTBaVFp1VTNkMWMzQjJPVVJ0VXpJd01YUlJNRVEvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMEpGTTBVdlFWTTJNemswT1RvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUZOMFlYUmxjdyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #207F/AS63949: United States
ssr://NjYuMTc1LjIyMy4yMjo4MDk3Om9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpaVWxYTUVSdWF6WTVORFUwWlRadVUzZDFjM0IyT1VSdFV6SXdNWFJSTUVRLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09NUx1WTZMUzVVMU5TNXJPbzVZYU1PbWgwZEhBNkx5OTBMbU51TDBWSFNrbDVjbXcmcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1kQzV0WlM5VFUxSlRWVUkmcmVtYXJrcz1Jekl3TjBZdlFWTTJNemswT1RvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUZOMFlYUmxjdyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #B147/AS63949: Singapore
ssr://MTM5LjE2Mi4zNy4xNjE6ODA5NzpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46WlVsWE1FUnVhelk1TkRVMFpUWnVVM2QxYzNCMk9VUnRVekl3TVhSUk1FUS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPTVMdVk2TFM1VTFOUzVyT281WWFNT21oMGRIQTZMeTkwTG1OdUwwVkhTa2w1Y213JnByb3RvcGFyYW09ZEM1dFpTOVRVMUpUVlVJJnJlbWFya3M9STBJeE5EY3ZRVk0yTXprME9Ub2dVMmx1WjJGd2IzSmwmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #418E/AS16509: Singapore
ssr://My4xLjgwLjE0Mzo4MDphdXRoX3NoYTFfdjQ6YWVzLTEyOC1jdHI6cGxhaW46ZUdsaGJ3Lz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpReE9FVXZRVk14TmpVd09Ub2dVMmx1WjJGd2IzSmwmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #442C/AS40676: United States
ssr://MTg1LjE3Mi4xNjYuMzoxMTAwMzpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6dGxzMS4yX3RpY2tldF9hdXRoOk9WQmtUa05VZEhaSy8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6UTBNa012UVZNME1EWTNOam9nVlc1cGRHVmtJRk4wWVhSbGN3Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #B3BB/AS8075: United States
ssr://MTY4LjYyLjE2My4xMTc6OTkzOm9yaWdpbjpyYzQtbWQ1OnBsYWluOk1qQXhPUzR3TXk0d053Lz9vYmZzcGFyYW09NUx1WTZMUzVVMU5TNXJPbzVZYU1PbWgwZEhBNkx5OTBMbU51TDBWSFNrbDVjbXcmcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1kQzV0WlM5VFUxSlRWVUkmcmVtYXJrcz1JMEl6UWtJdlFWTTRNRGMxT2lCVmJtbDBaV1FnVTNSaGRHVnomZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #DB95/AS40676: United States
ssr://MTg1LjI0My41Ny4yMjE6ODA6YXV0aF9zaGExX3Y0OnJjNC1tZDU6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6ZEM1dFpTOVRVMUpUVlVJLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09NUx1WTZMUzVVMU5TNXJPbzVZYU1PbWgwZEhBNkx5OTBMbU51TDBWSFNrbDVjbXcmcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1kQzV0WlM5VFUxSlRWVUkmcmVtYXJrcz1JMFJDT1RVdlFWTTBNRFkzTmpvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUZOMFlYUmxjdyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #ECD6/AS40676: United States
ssr://MTg1LjI0My41Ny4yMjE6ODA4MDphdXRoX3NoYTFfdjQ6cmM0LW1kNTpodHRwX3NpbXBsZTphSFIwY0RvdkwzUXVZMjR2UlVkS1NYbHliQS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPTVMdVk2TFM1VTFOUzVyT281WWFNT21oMGRIQTZMeTkwTG1OdUwwVkhTa2w1Y213JnByb3RvcGFyYW09ZEM1dFpTOVRVMUpUVlVJJnJlbWFya3M9STBWRFJEWXZRVk0wTURZM05qb2dWVzVwZEdWa0lGTjBZWFJsY3cmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #D254/AS40676: United States
ssr://MTg1LjI0My41Ny4yMjE6NTQzOmF1dGhfc2hhMV92NDpyYzQtbWQ1Omh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOmFIUjBjRG92TDNRdVkyNHZVa1F3UkRkemVBLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9STBReU5UUXZRVk0wTURZM05qb2dWVzVwZEdWa0lGTjBZWFJsY3cmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #17C3/AS137571: China
ssr://NDUuMjU0LjI1LjE2Mjo4MDphdXRoX2NoYWluX2E6bm9uZTpodHRwX3NpbXBsZTpUSGxMU1hBMy8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPU16UXlPRG81UW5oaWRWUSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6RTNRek12UVZNeE16YzFOekU2SUVOb2FXNWgmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #4C14/AS16509: Japan
ssr://My4xMTIuMi4xNzU6ODg4ODphdXRoX2FlczEyOF9tZDU6cmM0LW1kNTpwbGFpbjplR2xoYncvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JelJETVRRdlFWTXhOalV3T1RvZ1NtRndZVzQmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #8988/AS16509: Singapore
ssr://My4wLjI0OS4zOjgwOmF1dGhfc2hhMV92NDphZXMtMTI4LWN0cjpwbGFpbjplR2xoYncvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1Jemc1T0RndlFWTXhOalV3T1RvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #D833/AS16509: Japan
ssr://MTMuMjMxLjE0NC4xMTM6ODg4ODphdXRoX2FlczEyOF9zaGExOnJjNC1tZDU6cGxhaW46ZUdsaGJ3Lz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9STBRNE16TXZRVk14TmpVd09Ub2dTbUZ3WVc0Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #6F49/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTcyLjEwNS4yMTcuMTI3OjE0NTQxOm9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpWRkJQV1ZaSGVFdG5iSEJwLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09NUx1WTZMUzVVMU5TNXJPbzVZYU1PbWgwZEhBNkx5OTBMbU51TDBWSFNrbDVjbXcmcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1kQzV0WlM5VFUxSlRWVUkmcmVtYXJrcz1JelpHTkRrdlFWTTJNemswT1RvZ1NtRndZVzQmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #F80F/AS51659: Russia
ssr://MTg1LjIyLjE1NC4xNTc6MTAyNTphdXRoX3NoYTFfdjQ6Y2hhY2hhMjA6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6VlVGbVZ6Wk0vP29iZnNwYXJhbT1aRzkzYm14dllXUXVkMmx1Wkc5M2MzVndaR0YwWlM1amIyMCZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUkwWTRNRVl2UVZNMU1UWTFPVG9nVW5WemMybGgmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #E21E/AS16509: Singapore
ssr://MTguMTM4LjQzLjIzMjozNTYxNDpvcmlnaW46cmM0LW1kNTpwbGFpbjpja2R3YWxCaS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUkwVXlNVVV2UVZNeE5qVXdPVG9nVTJsdVoyRndiM0psJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #4AEC/AS31798: Canada
ssr://MTA0LjE2Ny45Ny4xNjQ6ODA6YXV0aF9zaGExX3Y0OnJjNC1tZDU6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6ZEM1dFpTOVRVMUpUVlVJLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09NUx1WTZMUzVVMU5TNXJPbzVZYU1PbWgwZEhBNkx5OTBMbU51TDBWSFNrbDVjbXcmcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1kQzV0WlM5VFUxSlRWVUkmcmVtYXJrcz1JelJCUlVNdlFWTXpNVGM1T0RvZ1EyRnVZV1JoJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #F3D9/AS36352: United States
ssr://MTkyLjIxMC4xOTAuMTAxOjI1NTgxOm9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpjM1Z3WlhKemMzSnVaWFEvP29iZnNwYXJhbT01THVZNkxTNVUxTlM1ck9vNVlhTU9taDBkSEE2THk5MExtTnVMMFZIU2tsNWNtdyZwcm90b3BhcmFtPWRDNXRaUzlUVTFKVFZVSSZyZW1hcmtzPUkwWXpSRGt2UVZNek5qTTFNam9nVlc1cGRHVmtJRk4wWVhSbGN3Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #B6E3/AS31798: Canada
ssr://MTA0LjE2Ny45Ny4xNjQ6ODA4MDphdXRoX3NoYTFfdjQ6cmM0LW1kNTpodHRwX3NpbXBsZTphSFIwY0RvdkwzUXVZMjR2UlVkS1NYbHliQS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUkwSTJSVE12UVZNek1UYzVPRG9nUTJGdVlXUmgmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #DF1F/AS16509: South Korea
ssr://MTMuMjA5LjE3LjE0Njo4MDpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTEyOC1jdHI6cGxhaW46ZUdsaGJ3Lz9vYmZzcGFyYW09NUx1WTZMUzVVMU5TNXJPbzVZYU1PbWgwZEhBNkx5OTBMbU51TDBWSFNrbDVjbXcmcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1kQzV0WlM5VFUxSlRWVUkmcmVtYXJrcz1JMFJHTVVZdlFWTXhOalV3T1RvZ1UyOTFkR2dnUzI5eVpXRSZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #A07C/AS16509: South Korea
ssr://MTMuMjA5Ljk3LjEzMzo4MDpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTEyOC1jdHI6cGxhaW46ZUdsaGJ3Lz9vYmZzcGFyYW09NUx1WTZMUzVVMU5TNXJPbzVZYU1PbWgwZEhBNkx5OTBMbU51TDBWSFNrbDVjbXcmcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1kQzV0WlM5VFUxSlRWVUkmcmVtYXJrcz1JMEV3TjBNdlFWTXhOalV3T1RvZ1UyOTFkR2dnUzI5eVpXRSZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #EA20: Japan
ssr://NS4xODEuNS4xMDU6NDQzOm9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpia2hJY0dkbS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUkwVkJNakE2SUVwaGNHRnUmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #3008/AS56630: Italy
ssr://OTEuMjAxLjY1LjE0ODo5MDY5Om9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpkRWhMVnpkWGR6SnRZMnM1UTBoUlJ3Lz9vYmZzcGFyYW09NUx1WTZMUzVVMU5TNXJPbzVZYU1PbWgwZEhBNkx5OTBMbU51TDBWSFNrbDVjbXcmcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1kQzV0WlM5VFUxSlRWVUkmcmVtYXJrcz1Jek13TURndlFWTTFOall6TURvZ1NYUmhiSGsmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #EE8F/AS40676: India
ssr://MTAzLjEyNC4xMDcuNzo5MDUyOm9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjphblF5Wld0Q1RtTTVTSFZXZEcweVlRLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09NUx1WTZMUzVVMU5TNXJPbzVZYU1PbWgwZEhBNkx5OTBMbU51TDBWSFNrbDVjbXcmcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1kQzV0WlM5VFUxSlRWVUkmcmVtYXJrcz1JMFZGT0VZdlFWTTBNRFkzTmpvZ1NXNWthV0UmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #EA15/AS40676: United States
ssr://MTQxLjk4LjIxMy4xNjM6OTg4Om9yaWdpbjpjaGFjaGEyMDpwbGFpbjpOVTAxTjJ0bk1URmpNakUwY1VSdFN3Lz9vYmZzcGFyYW09NUx1WTZMUzVVMU5TNXJPbzVZYU1PbWgwZEhBNkx5OTBMbU51TDBWSFNrbDVjbXcmcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1kQzV0WlM5VFUxSlRWVUkmcmVtYXJrcz1JMFZCTVRVdlFWTTBNRFkzTmpvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUZOMFlYUmxjdyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #1A68/AS57494: Russia
ssr://MTg1LjE3My45NC4yNDQ6MjMzMzphdXRoX3NoYTFfdjQ6YWVzLTEyOC1jdHI6cGxhaW46Wkc5MVlpNXBidy8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6RkJOamd2UVZNMU56UTVORG9nVW5WemMybGgmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #186F/AS56630: Russia
ssr://MTg1LjIyNC4yNDkuMzQ6OTAwMTpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46Vld0WVVuTllkbEkyWW5WRVRVY3lXUS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPTVMdVk2TFM1VTFOUzVyT281WWFNT21oMGRIQTZMeTkwTG1OdUwwVkhTa2w1Y213JnByb3RvcGFyYW09ZEM1dFpTOVRVMUpUVlVJJnJlbWFya3M9SXpFNE5rWXZRVk0xTmpZek1Eb2dVblZ6YzJsaCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #CC09/AS4760: Hong Kong
ssr://NTguMTUyLjIzNy4yMTo1ODY6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfc2hhMTphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpodHRwX3NpbXBsZTpUa2RETGxOVC8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPU5HWTJObVV6TVRNME1pNW5hWFJvZFdJdVkyOXQmcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1NekV6TkRJNlpHVkRia2RsJnJlbWFya3M9STBORE1Ea3ZRVk0wTnpZd09pQkliMjVuSUV0dmJtYyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #24E2/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTcyLjEwNS4yMTMuMjAxOjEwNDU2Om9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpabUZtWVdwdlptUnpaMk0vP29iZnNwYXJhbT01THVZNkxTNVUxTlM1ck9vNVlhTU9taDBkSEE2THk5MExtTnVMMFZIU2tsNWNtdyZwcm90b3BhcmFtPWRDNXRaUzlUVTFKVFZVSSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6STBSVEl2UVZNMk16azBPVG9nU21Gd1lXNCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #9ED9/AS36352: United States
ssr://MTA3LjE3Mi4xNTYuMTMwOjgwOm9yaWdpbjpjaGFjaGEyMC1pZXRmOnBsYWluOmMzVndaWEp6YzNJdWJtVjAvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JemxGUkRrdlFWTXpOak0xTWpvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUZOMFlYUmxjdyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #07A9/AS36352: United States
ssr://MTk4LjIzLjI1Mi4yMzE6ODA6b3JpZ2luOmNoYWNoYTIwLWlldGY6cGxhaW46YUdScGQyeG5hR0ZzWkdjM013Lz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpBM1FUa3ZRVk16TmpNMU1qb2dWVzVwZEdWa0lGTjBZWFJsY3cmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #03E7/AS56322: Hungary
ssr://OTEuMjE5LjIzNy4xMTk6OTAwMTpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46WjJWMGRuQnVNakF4T1RBMU1ERS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPTVMdVk2TFM1VTFOUzVyT281WWFNT21oMGRIQTZMeTkwTG1OdUwwVkhTa2w1Y213JnByb3RvcGFyYW09ZEM1dFpTOVRVMUpUVlVJJnJlbWFya3M9SXpBelJUY3ZRVk0xTmpNeU1qb2dTSFZ1WjJGeWVRJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #CF05/AS44220: Romania
ssr://MTkzLjE0OC43MC4yNDE6ODA6YXV0aF9jaGFpbl9hOm5vbmU6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6VUVobmJtRlovP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1NVG93VjFwMFlUYyZyZW1hcmtzPUkwTkdNRFV2UVZNME5ESXlNRG9nVW05dFlXNXBZUSZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #12FF/AS9009: Japan
ssr://ODkuMzEuMTI1LjEyMDo5OTY6b3JpZ2luOnJjNDpwbGFpbjpiRzVqYmk1dmNtY2daelUvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JekV5UmtZdlFWTTVNREE1T2lCS1lYQmhiZyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #D9FC/AS9009: Japan
ssr://NDUuNjcuNTMuOTM6OTk2Om9yaWdpbjpyYzQ6cGxhaW46Ykc1amJpNXZjbWNnWVRVLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9STBRNVJrTXZRVk01TURBNU9pQktZWEJoYmcmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #9AF7/AS9009: Japan
ssr://NDUuNjYuMTM0LjIzODo5OTY6b3JpZ2luOnJjNDpwbGFpbjpiRzVqYmk1dmNtY2dZVFUvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JemxCUmpjdlFWTTVNREE1T2lCS1lYQmhiZyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #CD10/AS20473: Singapore
ssr://MTY3LjE3OS4xMTMuODE6NTU2Om9yaWdpbjpyYzQ6cGxhaW46Ykc1amJpNXZjbWNnZHcvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JME5FTVRBdlFWTXlNRFEzTXpvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #F769/AS14061: United States
ssr://MTc4LjEyOC42LjM0OjIzNTg5OmF1dGhfc2hhMV92NDpjaGFjaGEyMDpodHRwX3NpbXBsZTpZWGR6VVZGWGNuUjEvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMFkzTmprdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUZOMFlYUmxjdyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #696B/AS14061: Singapore
ssr://MjA2LjE4OS44MS4yMTk6MTU0NTY6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOk1rZHpjamxWZUdkdk0yZGkvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1Jelk1TmtJdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #8C1B/AS63949: United States
ssr://NDUuNzkuNjQuMTA5OjQ0MzpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46T1dRMlkyTmxZV0V6TnpOaVpqSmpPR0ZqWWpJeVpUWXdZalpoTlRoaVpUWS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6aERNVUl2UVZNMk16azBPVG9nVlc1cGRHVmtJRk4wWVhSbGN3Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #6EF8/AS63949: United States
ssr://NDUuNTYuOTMuMjQ0OjQ0MzpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46T1dRMlkyTmxZV0V6TnpOaVpqSmpPR0ZqWWpJeVpUWXdZalpoTlRoaVpUWS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6WkZSamd2UVZNMk16azBPVG9nVlc1cGRHVmtJRk4wWVhSbGN3Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #4A84/AS9009: Japan
ssr://NDUuNjcuNTMuNzY6NDQzOm9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpia2hJY0dkbS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6UkJPRFF2UVZNNU1EQTVPaUJLWVhCaGJnJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #070D: United Kingdom
ssr://NDUuMTIuMjA3LjEwMDo5OTY6b3JpZ2luOnJjNDpwbGFpbjpiRzVqYmk1dmNtY2daelUvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JekEzTUVRNklGVnVhWFJsWkNCTGFXNW5aRzl0Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #4A15/AS14061: India
ssr://MTQyLjkzLjIxNi42NToyMzU4OTphdXRoX3NoYTFfdjQ6Y2hhY2hhMjA6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6WVhkelVWRlhjblIxLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpSQk1UVXZRVk14TkRBMk1Ub2dTVzVrYVdFJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #0D73/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTcyLjEwNC42NS4yMDQ6Mjk5ODc6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOmVUZE1lakpqVjAwM1JFdEsvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JekJFTnpNdlFWTTJNemswT1RvZ1NtRndZVzQmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #9407/AS20473: Japan
ssr://MjA3LjE0OC4xMTEuMTIxOjU1NjpvcmlnaW46cmM0OnBsYWluOmJHNWpiaTV2Y21jZ2R3Lz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXprME1EY3ZRVk15TURRM016b2dTbUZ3WVc0Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #6BE9/AS209956: Taiwan
ssr://MTAzLjEyNy4yMzguMTA6MjQ3MDM6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfbWQ1OmNoYWNoYTIwLWlldGY6cGxhaW46UnpKUVZtOTMvP29iZnNwYXJhbT1aRzkzYm14dllXUXVkMmx1Wkc5M2MzVndaR0YwWlM1amIyMCZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6WkNSVGt2UVZNeU1EazVOVFk2SUZSaGFYZGhiZyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #82CA/AS25820: United States
ssr://MTA0LjIyNC4xMzguMTQ2Ojg5OmF1dGhfc2hhMV92NDphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpNalF4TXpFMC8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6Z3lRMEV2UVZNeU5UZ3lNRG9nVlc1cGRHVmtJRk4wWVhSbGN3Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #9824/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTcyLjEwNS4yMzguMjQ2OjQ2OTc0Om9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpZVGg2VW1GNFFuTlphMDlhLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXprNE1qUXZRVk0yTXprME9Ub2dTbUZ3WVc0Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #4DE7/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://MjA5Ljk3LjE4OC4xMjc6MjcwNTQ6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOmMxZG1NR1pTU1hOUlRGUmsvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JelJFUlRjdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUV0cGJtZGtiMjAmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #7827/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://MTA0LjI0OC4xNzEuMTQ4OjM0ODI2Om9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpWWEpCU21VMVVVSm9VVVp2Lz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpjNE1qY3ZRVk14TkRBMk1Ub2dWVzVwZEdWa0lFdHBibWRrYjIwJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #0747/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://MTA0LjI0OC4xNzAuOTA6NDg5MTY6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOlJHbEZRMFEwYUdod1lrOU4vP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JekEzTkRjdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUV0cGJtZGtiMjAmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #F7AC/AS63949: United States
ssr://NDUuNzkuMTEwLjE5OjIxNTQ4Om9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpNMnAwVUVaaVNHSnliWGRQLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9STBZM1FVTXZRVk0yTXprME9Ub2dWVzVwZEdWa0lGTjBZWFJsY3cmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #40C4/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTcyLjEwNC45MS4xMTU6MzEyNDM6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOmFuUm9NbTluTUVrd1ZHTTEvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JelF3UXpRdlFWTTJNemswT1RvZ1NtRndZVzQmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #1BF0/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTM5LjE2Mi4xMDMuMTQ3OjEzNTkwOm9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpVVXN3ZUZSdmEwVjNjVnBRLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpGQ1JqQXZRVk0yTXprME9Ub2dTbUZ3WVc0Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #2AED/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTM5LjE2Mi43Ny4yMTg6MzkyMjI6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOllXNWlZVVpKZG1OM1YwbEkvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JekpCUlVRdlFWTTJNemswT1RvZ1NtRndZVzQmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #9657/AS16509: Singapore
ssr://NTQuMjU1LjI0Ny4xNjc6MjI0MTU6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOlZWTjJRbXRpUTJGNlJFMXAvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JemsyTlRjdlFWTXhOalV3T1RvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #E92D/AS16509: South Korea
ssr://MTMuMTI1LjEwNy4xNDY6MzE2ODY6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOlNHNVZTRk0xVW5wVWRVOTQvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMFU1TWtRdlFWTXhOalV3T1RvZ1UyOTFkR2dnUzI5eVpXRSZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #C3A6/AS16509: Singapore
ssr://NTQuMTY5LjIzMi4xOTA6NDUwNjU6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOlpGaExaV3cyYTNkb1kzWkovP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JME16UVRZdlFWTXhOalV3T1RvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #1B11/AS14061: Singapore
ssr://NjguMTgzLjIzNy41OjI3OTE5Om9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpSVXR5ZURSbGJVeE9SVkJ5Lz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpGQ01URXZRVk14TkRBMk1Ub2dVMmx1WjJGd2IzSmwmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #86EC: Japan
ssr://NS4xODEuNS4xNDI6NDQzOm9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpia2hJY0dkbS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6ZzJSVU02SUVwaGNHRnUmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #0E4A/AS16509: Japan
ssr://MTMuMjMxLjM3LjE5Nzo1NzIwNjpvcmlnaW46cmM0LW1kNTpwbGFpbjpibkJ0VkVOTC8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6QkZORUV2UVZNeE5qVXdPVG9nU21Gd1lXNCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #B21F/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTcyLjEwNS4yMDcuMjI0OjMyMDMwOm9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpXRkJFY0hJd1ZYZElhbkpILz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9STBJeU1VWXZRVk0yTXprME9Ub2dTbUZ3WVc0Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #8535/AS4609: Macao
ssr://MTIyLjEwMC4xODcuNTU6ODA4MTpvcmlnaW46Y2hhY2hhMjA6cGxhaW46Y0dGemMzZHZjbVF4TWpNMC8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPTVMdVk2TFM1VTFOUzVyT281WWFNT21oMGRIQTZMeTkwTG1OdUwwVkhTa2w1Y213JnByb3RvcGFyYW09ZEM1dFpTOVRVMUpUVlVJJnJlbWFya3M9SXpnMU16VXZRVk0wTmpBNU9pQk5ZV05oYncmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #921C/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTcyLjEwNS4yMzAuMTA6MTIwMTk6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOlNHeHRXSGhUVDI5aVptRncvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1Jemt5TVVNdlFWTTJNemswT1RvZ1NtRndZVzQmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #4BE5/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://MTc4LjEyOC4xNzAuOTk6NDU2OTE6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOlVXSm5iRGRwUkRoWWExTksvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JelJDUlRVdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUV0cGJtZGtiMjAmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #D761/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTcyLjEwNC44OS41MjoyOTEwODpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46Y0cxeWNYaHFaelpVUTNwVC8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUkwUTNOakV2UVZNMk16azBPVG9nU21Gd1lXNCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #8C59: Japan
ssr://NS4xODEuNS4xNjE6NDQzOm9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpia2hJY0dkbS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6aEROVGs2SUVwaGNHRnUmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #5ACD/AS10032: Hong Kong
ssr://MjAzLjE4NC4yMDcuMTM5OjgwOmF1dGhfYWVzMTI4X21kNTpjaGFjaGEyMDpodHRwX3NpbXBsZTpiV2xoYjIxcFlXOC8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPVNFc3lVME5JTVRNd09XUm1abVF4TmpRMk5pNTNibk11ZDJsdVpHOTNjeTVqYjIwJnByb3RvcGFyYW09TVRZME5qWTZhbEkwVjJWSCZyZW1hcmtzPUl6VkJRMFF2UVZNeE1EQXpNam9nU0c5dVp5QkxiMjVuJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #1D94/AS14061: Singapore
ssr://MTc4LjEyOC4yMjMuODA6MTk2NDM6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOk1YTk5kMGsyYUc5MlUzSkYvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JekZFT1RRdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #1680/AS16509: Singapore
ssr://MTMuMjUwLjMwLjEwNDo1NTU2OmF1dGhfc2hhMV92NDphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpodHRwX3NpbXBsZTpOVFUxS3cvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JekUyT0RBdlFWTXhOalV3T1RvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #2288/AS3462: Taiwan
ssr://MjIwLjE0Mi41MS41ODoyODk2NDphdXRoX2FlczEyOF9zaGExOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOmh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOlZUQTVNbTg1Lz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpJeU9EZ3ZRVk16TkRZeU9pQlVZV2wzWVc0Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #B5BA/AS14061: United States
ssr://MTM0LjIwOS40Ni41Nzo0MzMxMjphdXRoX3NoYTFfdjQ6Y2hhY2hhMjA6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6VjJWMFptUjFhUS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUkwSTFRa0V2UVZNeE5EQTJNVG9nVlc1cGRHVmtJRk4wWVhSbGN3Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #EB0E/AS14061: India
ssr://MTM5LjU5Ljg3LjI0OjQzMzEyOmF1dGhfc2hhMV92NDpjaGFjaGEyMDpodHRwX3NpbXBsZTpWM1Z2YzI5bWIzYy8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUkwVkNNRVV2UVZNeE5EQTJNVG9nU1c1a2FXRSZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #59EB/AS14061: India
ssr://MTQyLjkzLjIxNi4yMTM6NDMzMTI6YXV0aF9zaGExX3Y0OmNoYWNoYTIwOmh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOlYzVnZjMjltYjNjLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpVNVJVSXZRVk14TkRBMk1Ub2dTVzVrYVdFJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #DBAB/AS14061: United States
ssr://MTM0LjIwOS40Ni41Nzo4MDphdXRoX2NoYWluX2E6Y2hhY2hhMjA6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6U3paNFEzRXovP29iZnNwYXJhbT1iSFF1YUc0dU1UZzVMbU51T2pFd09ESSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPU16SXdNVHBYZFc5emIyWnZkdyZyZW1hcmtzPUkwUkNRVUl2UVZNeE5EQTJNVG9nVlc1cGRHVmtJRk4wWVhSbGN3Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #DBD2/AS9009: Japan
ssr://MTk0LjE1Ni4yMjkuMTY2OjEwNDAzOm9yaWdpbjpyYzQtbWQ1OnBsYWluOmRYWnVlVWhILz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9STBSQ1JESXZRVk01TURBNU9pQktZWEJoYmcmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #8169/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTcyLjEwNS4yMjguNjI6MzM5MTY6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOlkxbG9ObGg0VnpOclozbEIvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1Jemd4TmprdlFWTTJNemswT1RvZ1NtRndZVzQmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #E6AC/AS16509: Japan
ssr://MTMuMTE1LjEzMi4yMTQ6MzA5ODE6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOk1YZFBOMjh4WWtoU1RqZGgvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMFUyUVVNdlFWTXhOalV3T1RvZ1NtRndZVzQmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #42FE/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://NjguMTgzLjM4LjgwOjI5Mjg4Om9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpZa1JLYVd0TU1WVlJTRFJXLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpReVJrVXZRVk14TkRBMk1Ub2dWVzVwZEdWa0lFdHBibWRrYjIwJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #DDA0/AS51659: Russia
ssr://MTc2LjMyLjM1LjE5MjoyNzIwOmF1dGhfc2hhMV92NDpjaGFjaGEyMC1pZXRmOmh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOmVUQm5RbTVILz9vYmZzcGFyYW09YldsamNtOXpiMlowTG1OdmJRJnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9STBSRVFUQXZRVk0xTVRZMU9Ub2dVblZ6YzJsaCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #48C3/AS20473: United States
ssr://MjA3LjI0Ni4xMTEuMTQyOjE4NTIzOmF1dGhfc2hhMV92NDphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpkM2QzTG5GalozcDRkeTVqYmcvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JelE0UXpNdlFWTXlNRFEzTXpvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUZOMFlYUmxjdyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #02F6/AS16509: Germany
ssr://MTguMTk3LjIwNy4xMDM6MzIzNjY6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfc2hhMTphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpNa3htT1hRei8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPVlUQTRNVGMwTVRjNE5DNXRhV055YjNOdlpuUXVZMjl0JnByb3RvcGFyYW09TkRFM09EUTZWVmxCZVZoTyZyZW1hcmtzPUl6QXlSall2UVZNeE5qVXdPVG9nUjJWeWJXRnVlUSZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #852C/AS16509: Singapore
ssr://NTQuMTY5LjIwNC4xMTQ6MzIzNjY6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfc2hhMTphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpNa3htT1hRei8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPU5qSm1aV1kwTVRjNE5DNXRhV055YjNOdlpuUXVZMjl0JnByb3RvcGFyYW09TkRFM09EUTZWVmxCZVZoTyZyZW1hcmtzPUl6ZzFNa012UVZNeE5qVXdPVG9nVTJsdVoyRndiM0psJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #2830/AS16509: Japan
ssr://NTQuMTc4LjE2OS4xMDc6MzIzNjY6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfc2hhMTphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpNa3htT1hRei8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPU5qSm1aV1kwTVRjNE5DNXRhV055YjNOdlpuUXVZMjl0JnByb3RvcGFyYW09TkRFM09EUTZWVmxCZVZoTyZyZW1hcmtzPUl6STRNekF2UVZNeE5qVXdPVG9nU21Gd1lXNCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #C0E9/AS16509: United States
ssr://MzQuMjA5Ljg1LjY4OjMyMzY2OmF1dGhfYWVzMTI4X3NoYTE6YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46TWt4bU9YUXovP29iZnNwYXJhbT1OakptWldZME1UYzROQzV0YVdOeWIzTnZablF1WTI5dCZwcm90b3BhcmFtPU5ERTNPRFE2VlZsQmVWaE8mcmVtYXJrcz1JME13UlRrdlFWTXhOalV3T1RvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUZOMFlYUmxjdyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #6051/AS16509: Republic of Korea
ssr://MTMuMTI0LjE0My4xOTA6MzIzNjY6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfc2hhMTphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpNa3htT1hRei8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPU5qSm1aV1kwTVRjNE5DNXRhV055YjNOdlpuUXVZMjl0JnByb3RvcGFyYW09TkRFM09EUTZWVmxCZVZoTyZyZW1hcmtzPUl6WXdOVEV2UVZNeE5qVXdPVG9nVW1Wd2RXSnNhV01nYjJZZ1MyOXlaV0UmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #8F12/AS9009: Japan
ssr://MTk0LjEyNC4zNC4yMDg6NjY5Om9yaWdpbjpyYzQ6cGxhaW46Ykc1amJpNXZjbWNnYURNLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpoR01USXZRVk01TURBNU9pQktZWEJoYmcmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #FECF/AS40676: United States
ssr://MTg1LjEzMy4xOTMuODM6NjY5Om9yaWdpbjpyYzQ6cGxhaW46Ykc1amJpNXZjbWNnWVRJLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9STBaRlEwWXZRVk0wTURZM05qb2dWVzVwZEdWa0lGTjBZWFJsY3cmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #EF1E/AS40676: United States
ssr://MTg1LjEzMy4xOTMuODU6NjY5Om9yaWdpbjpyYzQ6cGxhaW46Ykc1amJpNXZjbWNnWVRJLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9STBWR01VVXZRVk0wTURZM05qb2dWVzVwZEdWa0lGTjBZWFJsY3cmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #7493/AS9009: Singapore
ssr://MTk0LjEyNC4zNS4xNjk6NjY5Om9yaWdpbjpyYzQ6cGxhaW46Ykc1amJpNXZjbWNnYURNLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpjME9UTXZRVk01TURBNU9pQlRhVzVuWVhCdmNtVSZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #9457/AS9009: United States
ssr://NDUuMTIuMjA3LjEwMDo2Njk6b3JpZ2luOnJjNDpwbGFpbjpiRzVqYmk1dmNtY2dZVEkvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JemswTlRjdlFWTTVNREE1T2lCVmJtbDBaV1FnVTNSaGRHVnomZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #5B16/AS9009: Japan
ssr://ODkuMzEuMTI1LjEyMDo2Njk6b3JpZ2luOnJjNDpwbGFpbjpiRzVqYmk1dmNtY2dZVEkvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JelZDTVRZdlFWTTVNREE1T2lCS1lYQmhiZyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #17B3/AS9009: Japan
ssr://NDUuNjcuNTMuOTM6NjY5Om9yaWdpbjpyYzQ6cGxhaW46Ykc1amJpNXZjbWNnYURNLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpFM1FqTXZRVk01TURBNU9pQktZWEJoYmcmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #309A/AS9009: Japan
ssr://NDUuNjYuMTM0LjIzODo2Njk6b3JpZ2luOnJjNDpwbGFpbjpiRzVqYmk1dmNtY2dhRE0vP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1Jek13T1VFdlFWTTVNREE1T2lCS1lYQmhiZyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #7E83/AS3462: Taiwan
ssr://MjE4LjE2Ni4yMjQuMjA4OjMyMzY4OmF1dGhfYWVzMTI4X3NoYTE6YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46YjJoemMzSTJOalkvP29iZnNwYXJhbT1NR1kxTVdFeU5UYzJMbTFwWTNKdmMyOW1kQzVqYjIwJnByb3RvcGFyYW09TWpVM05qcEpNVlpEUkRJJnJlbWFya3M9SXpkRk9ETXZRVk16TkRZeU9pQlVZV2wzWVc0Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #EAA5/AS16509: Singapore
ssr://NTQuMTY5LjIwNC4xMTQ6MzIzNjg6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfc2hhMTphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpiMmh6YzNJMk5qWS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPTVMdVk2TFM1VTFOUzVyT281WWFNT21oMGRIQTZMeTkwTG1OdUwwVkhTa2w1Y213JnByb3RvcGFyYW09TWpVM05qcEpNVlpEUkRJJnJlbWFya3M9STBWQlFUVXZRVk14TmpVd09Ub2dVMmx1WjJGd2IzSmwmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #9242/AS16509: Japan
ssr://NTIuMTk1LjYuMjE1OjMyMzY4OmF1dGhfYWVzMTI4X3NoYTE6YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46YjJoemMzSTJOalkvP29iZnNwYXJhbT1NR1kxTVdFeU5UYzJMbTFwWTNKdmMyOW1kQzVqYjIwJnByb3RvcGFyYW09TWpVM05qcEpNVlpEUkRJJnJlbWFya3M9SXpreU5ESXZRVk14TmpVd09Ub2dTbUZ3WVc0Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #36E7/AS3462: Taiwan
ssr://MS4xNzQuOTguMTQyOjMyMzY4OmF1dGhfYWVzMTI4X3NoYTE6YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46YjJoemMzSTJOalkvP29iZnNwYXJhbT1NR1kxTVdFeU5UYzJMbTFwWTNKdmMyOW1kQzVqYjIwJnByb3RvcGFyYW09TWpVM05qcEpNVlpEUkRJJnJlbWFya3M9SXpNMlJUY3ZRVk16TkRZeU9pQlVZV2wzWVc0Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #C571/AS9009: Japan
ssr://NS4xODAuNzYuNDQ6MzIzNjg6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfc2hhMTphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpiMmh6YzNJMk5qWS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPTVMdVk2TFM1VTFOUzVyT281WWFNT21oMGRIQTZMeTkwTG1OdUwwVkhTa2w1Y213JnByb3RvcGFyYW09TWpVM05qcEpNVlpEUkRJJnJlbWFya3M9STBNMU56RXZRVk01TURBNU9pQktZWEJoYmcmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #EF09/AS16509: United States
ssr://MzUuMTY2Ljg1LjIwNjozMjM2ODphdXRoX2FlczEyOF9zaGExOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOmIyaHpjM0kyTmpZLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09TUdZMU1XRXlOVGMyTG0xcFkzSnZjMjltZEM1amIyMCZwcm90b3BhcmFtPU1qVTNOanBKTVZaRFJESSZyZW1hcmtzPUkwVkdNRGt2UVZNeE5qVXdPVG9nVlc1cGRHVmtJRk4wWVhSbGN3Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #FB89/AS20473: United Kingdom
ssr://NDUuMzIuMTc5LjcxOjMyMzY4OmF1dGhfYWVzMTI4X3NoYTE6YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46YjJoemMzSTJOalkvP29iZnNwYXJhbT1NR1kxTVdFeU5UYzJMbTFwWTNKdmMyOW1kQzVqYjIwJnByb3RvcGFyYW09TWpVM05qcEpNVlpEUkRJJnJlbWFya3M9STBaQ09Ea3ZRVk15TURRM016b2dWVzVwZEdWa0lFdHBibWRrYjIwJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #743C/AS16509: South Korea
ssr://MTMuMTI0LjE0My4xOTA6MzIzNjg6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfc2hhMTphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpiMmh6YzNJMk5qWS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPTVMdVk2TFM1VTFOUzVyT281WWFNT21oMGRIQTZMeTkwTG1OdUwwVkhTa2w1Y213JnByb3RvcGFyYW09TWpVM05qcEpNVlpEUkRJJnJlbWFya3M9SXpjME0wTXZRVk14TmpVd09Ub2dVMjkxZEdnZ1MyOXlaV0UmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #7876/AS4760: Hong Kong
ssr://NDIuMi4xMTkuODc6MzIzNjg6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfc2hhMTphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpiMmh6YzNJMk5qWS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPTVMdVk2TFM1VTFOUzVyT281WWFNT21oMGRIQTZMeTkwTG1OdUwwVkhTa2w1Y213JnByb3RvcGFyYW09TWpVM05qcEpNVlpEUkRJJnJlbWFya3M9SXpjNE56WXZRVk0wTnpZd09pQkliMjVuSUV0dmJtYyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #978F/AS9269: Hong Kong
ssr://MTE5LjI0Ny4xOTUuMTM6MzIzNjg6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfc2hhMTphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpiMmh6YzNJMk5qWS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPU1HWTFNV0V5TlRjMkxtMXBZM0p2YzI5bWRDNWpiMjAmcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1NalUzTmpwSk1WWkRSREkmcmVtYXJrcz1JemszT0VZdlFWTTVNalk1T2lCSWIyNW5JRXR2Ym1jJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #18BB/AS45102: China
ssr://MTQ5LjEyOS45Ni4yMzQ6MzIzNjg6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfc2hhMTphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpiMmh6YzNJMk5qWS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPU1HWTFNV0V5TlRjMkxtMXBZM0p2YzI5bWRDNWpiMjAmcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1NalUzTmpwSk1WWkRSREkmcmVtYXJrcz1JekU0UWtJdlFWTTBOVEV3TWpvZ1EyaHBibUUmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #026A/AS3462: Taiwan
ssr://MS4xNjIuMjI1Ljc1OjMyMzY4OmF1dGhfYWVzMTI4X3NoYTE6YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46YjJoemMzSTJOalkvP29iZnNwYXJhbT1NR1kxTVdFeU5UYzJMbTFwWTNKdmMyOW1kQzVqYjIwJnByb3RvcGFyYW09TWpVM05qcEpNVlpEUkRJJnJlbWFya3M9SXpBeU5rRXZRVk16TkRZeU9pQlVZV2wzWVc0Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #CE75/AS16509: France
ssr://MzUuMTgxLjQ5LjkyOjMyMzY4OmF1dGhfYWVzMTI4X3NoYTE6YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46YjJoemMzSTJOalkvP29iZnNwYXJhbT1NR1kxTVdFeU5UYzJMbTFwWTNKdmMyOW1kQzVqYjIwJnByb3RvcGFyYW09TWpVM05qcEpNVlpEUkRJJnJlbWFya3M9STBORk56VXZRVk14TmpVd09Ub2dSbkpoYm1ObCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #453F/AS16509: Singapore
ssr://MTMuMjI4Ljc3LjE1NDozMjM2ODphdXRoX2FlczEyOF9zaGExOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOmIyaHpjM0kyTmpZLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09TUdZMU1XRXlOVGMyTG0xcFkzSnZjMjltZEM1amIyMCZwcm90b3BhcmFtPU1qVTNOanBKTVZaRFJESSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6UTFNMFl2UVZNeE5qVXdPVG9nVTJsdVoyRndiM0psJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #BD70/AS20473: United Kingdom
ssr://OTUuMTc5LjIzMC4xNTg6MTg5OTQ6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOk9EUnhlaloyZVRBMmN3Lz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9STBKRU56QXZRVk15TURRM016b2dWVzVwZEdWa0lFdHBibWRrYjIwJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #ED57/AS20473: Germany
ssr://ODAuMjQwLjE3LjExNjoyMTM2MzpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46YUdNMGNuSjFabWMvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMFZFTlRjdlFWTXlNRFEzTXpvZ1IyVnliV0Z1ZVEmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #4EBC/AS20473: France
ssr://MTA4LjYxLjE3Ny4xMDY6MjE4MTQ6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOlpEaHJkMnB6WVRsd09RLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpSRlFrTXZRVk15TURRM016b2dSbkpoYm1ObCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #50AB/AS20473: Netherlands
ssr://OTUuMTc5LjE0My4yMTU6MTMxNDQ6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOmJuY3pObkkzZEcxbU9RLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpVd1FVSXZRVk15TURRM016b2dUbVYwYUdWeWJHRnVaSE0mZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #32B9/AS20473: Australia
ssr://NDUuMzIuMjQwLjExNToxNzIyMTpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46WVRFNWEzaGxiemx1Y3cvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1Jek15UWprdlFWTXlNRFEzTXpvZ1FYVnpkSEpoYkdsaCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #E02E/AS63949: United States
ssr://MjMuMjM5LjIyLjM5OjI3OTQ1Om9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpkbWt4V1dGV1FuSnViM2RXLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9STBVd01rVXZRVk0yTXprME9Ub2dWVzVwZEdWa0lGTjBZWFJsY3cmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #6403/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://MTc4LjYyLjM5LjkxOjE4Njc5Om9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpiV0o2WVZZeGRqQkNja3R5Lz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpZME1ETXZRVk14TkRBMk1Ub2dWVzVwZEdWa0lFdHBibWRrYjIwJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #92F5/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://MTA0LjI0OC4xNzQuMjA6NDI4MTI6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOmNqUk1Ra2xYWVV0YVIyNTIvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1Jemt5UmpVdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUV0cGJtZGtiMjAmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #8806/AS14061: Singapore
ssr://MjA2LjE4OS44MS4xOTk6MTMzMDI6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOk1rZHBRMWcyYWpGVVYzcHYvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1Jemc0TURZdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #A431/AS136600: Hong Kong
ssr://MTAzLjExOC40MC4zMzoxNTQwOTpvcmlnaW46cmM0LW1kNTpwbGFpbjpjREpGWVZCaC8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUkwRTBNekV2UVZNeE16WTJNREE2SUVodmJtY2dTMjl1WncmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #53C6/AS57494: Russia
ssr://Mi41Ni4yNDAuMjQ4OjQ4OTczOm9yaWdpbjpyYzQtbWQ1OnBsYWluOk5qRTFkMlJtLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpVelF6WXZRVk0xTnpRNU5Eb2dVblZ6YzJsaCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #D756/AS45102: China
ssr://MTQ5LjEyOS44Ni4yNDk6NDg5NzM6b3JpZ2luOnJjNC1tZDU6cGxhaW46TmpFMWQyUm0vP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMFEzTlRZdlFWTTBOVEV3TWpvZ1EyaHBibUUmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #339A/AS40676: United States
ssr://MTg1LjE3Mi4xNjYuNTA6MTEwMDM6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnRsczEuMl90aWNrZXRfYXV0aDpPVkJrVGtOVWRIWksvP29iZnNwYXJhbT1jbVZzWldGelpYTXVkV0oxYm5SMUxtTnZiUSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6TXpPVUV2UVZNME1EWTNOam9nVlc1cGRHVmtJRk4wWVhSbGN3Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #8DC5/AS14061: Singapore
ssr://MjA5Ljk3LjE2MC4xMzU6MjM0MDg6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOlFVTTBUMHh3VDAwMFEwcFEvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JemhFUXpVdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #321C/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTcyLjEwNS4yMzguMjQ2OjEwNTMxOm9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpWMkYyYzNadVIwOHpVVlprLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpNeU1VTXZRVk0yTXprME9Ub2dTbUZ3WVc0Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #1175/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://MjA5Ljk3LjE4OC4xMjc6MjUwNzY6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOmJEWnllRWRrV1V3MlRuWnkvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JekV4TnpVdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUV0cGJtZGtiMjAmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #6AED/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://MTA0LjI0OC4xNzEuMTQ4OjIzMTg4Om9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpPRFpKTnpOdFEzQkRWRFF4Lz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpaQlJVUXZRVk14TkRBMk1Ub2dWVzVwZEdWa0lFdHBibWRrYjIwJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #5DF0/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://MTA0LjI0OC4xNzAuOTA6MTIwMzI6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOlUyaG9SM2RGYUZOcVVGVkovP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JelZFUmpBdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUV0cGJtZGtiMjAmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #C4F7/AS63949: United States
ssr://NDUuNzkuMTEwLjE5OjIxOTUyOm9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpVR2MyYVVveFYzZFZZbFZrLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9STBNMFJqY3ZRVk0yTXprME9Ub2dWVzVwZEdWa0lGTjBZWFJsY3cmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #A3D0/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTcyLjEwNC45MS4xMTU6NDI4NTQ6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOlFUQmFhbTVXVEdJNE1tZHgvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMEV6UkRBdlFWTTJNemswT1RvZ1NtRndZVzQmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #75E3/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTM5LjE2Mi4xMDMuMTQ3OjMwMzkwOm9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpkWFZJTkRoTlZUVnNTRlpwLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpjMVJUTXZRVk0yTXprME9Ub2dTbUZ3WVc0Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #17F9/AS4609: Macao
ssr://NjAuMjQ2LjE4NS40Njo4MDgxOm9yaWdpbjpjaGFjaGEyMDpwbGFpbjpjR0Z6YzNkdmNtUXhNak0wLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09NUx1WTZMUzVVMU5TNXJPbzVZYU1PbWgwZEhBNkx5OTBMbU51TDBWSFNrbDVjbXcmcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1kQzV0WlM5VFUxSlRWVUkmcmVtYXJrcz1JekUzUmprdlFWTTBOakE1T2lCTllXTmhidyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #4017/AS14061: Singapore
ssr://MTU3LjIzMC4yNTEuMTM6MzcyNjU6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOlYzZHJielpGVUd4NE9YWlYvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JelF3TVRjdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #8BD3/AS16509: Singapore
ssr://NTQuMTY5LjIzMi4xOTA6MjQ3NTU6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOlNIVTRVMDgxY0hVNU5rMUovP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JemhDUkRNdlFWTXhOalV3T1RvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #CC70/AS14061: United States
ssr://MTQyLjkzLjY2LjE3Mjo0MzMxMjphdXRoX3NoYTFfdjQ6Y2hhY2hhMjA6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6VjJWMFptUjFhUS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUkwTkROekF2UVZNeE5EQTJNVG9nVlc1cGRHVmtJRk4wWVhSbGN3Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #06FE/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://MTA0LjI0OC4xNjQuMTYzOjM5ODY5Om9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpXamRvVkVkb2QxTTVUM1ptLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpBMlJrVXZRVk14TkRBMk1Ub2dWVzVwZEdWa0lFdHBibWRrYjIwJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #8E68/AS14061: Singapore
ssr://MTc4LjEyOC4yMjMuODA6MTAzODc6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOmJEZHlSazFyZVd4RmRsRm8vP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JemhGTmpndlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #F174/AS16509: Republic of Korea
ssr://MTMuMTI0LjE5My4xNzE6MjMyOTk6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOldWazVTRTR3VmpOd1kycHYvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMFl4TnpRdlFWTXhOalV3T1RvZ1VtVndkV0pzYVdNZ2IyWWdTMjl5WldFJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #6412/AS38843: United States
ssr://MTkyLjE1NC4xOTcuODk6NDA4OTk6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOldUTnZSWEYxVFZkUE1rUk0vP29iZnNwYXJhbT01THVZNkxTNVUxTlM1ck9vNVlhTU9taDBkSEE2THk5MExtTnVMMFZIU2tsNWNtdyZwcm90b3BhcmFtPWRDNXRaUzlUVTFKVFZVSSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6WTBNVEl2UVZNek9EZzBNem9nVlc1cGRHVmtJRk4wWVhSbGN3Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #E354/AS57494: Russia
ssr://MTg1LjEzNS44Mi44MDoyMzMzOm9yaWdpbjphZXMtMTI4LWN0cjpwbGFpbjpaRzkxWWk1cGJ3Lz9vYmZzcGFyYW09NUx1WTZMUzVVMU5TNXJPbzVZYU1PbWgwZEhBNkx5OTBMbU51TDBWSFNrbDVjbXcmcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1kQzV0WlM5VFUxSlRWVUkmcmVtYXJrcz1JMFV6TlRRdlFWTTFOelE1TkRvZ1VuVnpjMmxoJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #4DE8/AS56630: Netherlands
ssr://MjEzLjE4My41OS4xODg6OTAzMTpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46UW5kalFWVmFhemhvVlVaQmEwUkhUZy8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPTVMdVk2TFM1VTFOUzVyT281WWFNT21oMGRIQTZMeTkwTG1OdUwwVkhTa2w1Y213JnByb3RvcGFyYW09ZEM1dFpTOVRVMUpUVlVJJnJlbWFya3M9SXpSRVJUZ3ZRVk0xTmpZek1Eb2dUbVYwYUdWeWJHRnVaSE0mZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #8E06/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://MTA0LjI0OC4xNzAuMzY6Mzg3OTE6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOlNGQkVSRXBQU210U1kxSXcvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JemhGTURZdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUV0cGJtZGtiMjAmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #8CFF/AS16509: Singapore
ssr://NTQuMTY5LjIxMy4xNzc6MTMzNDU6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOlNsRTFiRXQxYVV4c2MyeEQvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JemhEUmtZdlFWTXhOalV3T1RvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #DD17/AS16509: Singapore
ssr://MTMuMjI5LjE0Mi43ODo2MjIwMzpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46VGpKNVlYaG8vP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMFJFTVRjdlFWTXhOalV3T1RvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #E113/AS16509: Singapore
ssr://My4xLjIyNC4yMjc6NTc0MDg6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOk9EYzVNemM0TkRrMk1nLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9STBVeE1UTXZRVk14TmpVd09Ub2dVMmx1WjJGd2IzSmwmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #7545/AS16509: Singapore
ssr://MTMuMjI5LjEyLjE0Nzo1NzQwODpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46T0RjNU16YzRORGsyTWcvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JemMxTkRVdlFWTXhOalV3T1RvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #FC03/AS3462: Taiwan
ssr://MTE0LjM2LjE4Ni4zNzozMjM2ODphdXRoX2FlczEyOF9zaGExOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOmIyaHpjM0kyTmpZLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09NUx1WTZMUzVVMU5TNXJPbzVZYU1PbWgwZEhBNkx5OTBMbU51TDBWSFNrbDVjbXcmcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1NalUzTmpwSk1WWkRSREkmcmVtYXJrcz1JMFpETURNdlFWTXpORFl5T2lCVVlXbDNZVzQmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #B75B/AS16509: Singapore
ssr://NTIuNzcuMjE2Ljk2OjMwNjYxOm9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpibnA2ZEV0WlVWaElhMHAwLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9STBJM05VSXZRVk14TmpVd09Ub2dVMmx1WjJGd2IzSmwmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #ED27/AS14061: United States
ssr://MTM4LjY4LjE4LjI0NTo0MzMxMjphdXRoX3NoYTFfdjQ6Y2hhY2hhMjA6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6VjJWMFptUjFhUS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUkwVkVNamN2UVZNeE5EQTJNVG9nVlc1cGRHVmtJRk4wWVhSbGN3Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #C61F/AS63949: United States
ssr://MjMuMjM5LjIyLjM5OjQ1MTk3Om9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpVSEpSYjNaTGVtTk5lSEl4Lz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9STBNMk1VWXZRVk0yTXprME9Ub2dWVzVwZEdWa0lGTjBZWFJsY3cmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #C60D/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://MTc4LjYyLjM5LjkxOjQ0MTE5Om9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpSbTFtTVc5U1ZXVnpPVmhLLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9STBNMk1FUXZRVk14TkRBMk1Ub2dWVzVwZEdWa0lFdHBibWRrYjIwJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #06C2/AS14061: Singapore
ssr://MjA5Ljk3LjE2MC4xMzU6MjE2MDg6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOlMwVkhhblZDTUU5MFluaEkvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JekEyUXpJdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #09A5/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTcyLjEwNS4yMzguMjQ2OjIyNTAyOm9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpVRzVKUjJSNFNsTTJOSEpzLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpBNVFUVXZRVk0yTXprME9Ub2dTbUZ3WVc0Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #9A57/AS20473: United Kingdom
ssr://MjA5LjI1MC4yMjkuMjI5OjM0NTY6YXV0aF9zaGExX3Y0OmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOmQzZDNMbVJoY25KbGJteHBkWGRsYVM1amIyMC8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6bEJOVGN2UVZNeU1EUTNNem9nVlc1cGRHVmtJRXRwYm1ka2IyMCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #F21E/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://MjA5Ljk3LjE4OC4xMjc6MTgwNjk6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOmNqbFFaMnBrYkRKNVEwZzIvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMFl5TVVVdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUV0cGJtZGtiMjAmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #F12F/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://MTA0LjI0OC4xNzEuMTQ4OjM2ODQwOm9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpVR28zVWpGbmJIWnBSVXBTLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9STBZeE1rWXZRVk14TkRBMk1Ub2dWVzVwZEdWa0lFdHBibWRrYjIwJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #3818/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTcyLjEwNC42Ny4xMjM6MzA1OTk6YXV0aF9jaGFpbl9hOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOmh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOlFtbG5TR1ZoWkZOei8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6TTRNVGd2UVZNMk16azBPVG9nU21Gd1lXNCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #F35A/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTcyLjEwNC4xMDcuNzk6MzA1OTk6YXV0aF9jaGFpbl9hOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOmh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOlFtbG5TR1ZoWkZOemNnLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09TVRBek16TTZkSEIzYlhOM01RJnJlbWFya3M9STBZek5VRXZRVk0yTXprME9Ub2dTbUZ3WVc0Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #A778/AS7506: Japan
ssr://MTE4LjI3LjIxLjIzNTozMDU5OTphdXRoX2NoYWluX2E6YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6UW1sblNHVmhaRk56Y2cvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1NVEF6TXpNNmRIQjNiWE4zTVEmcmVtYXJrcz1JMEUzTnpndlFWTTNOVEEyT2lCS1lYQmhiZyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #F2E4/AS9009: Japan
ssr://NDUuNjYuMTM0LjE0MjozMDU5OTphdXRoX2FlczEyOF9zaGExOm5vbmU6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6UW1sblNHVmhaRk56Y2cvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1NVEF6TXpNNmRIQjNiWE4zTVEmcmVtYXJrcz1JMFl5UlRRdlFWTTVNREE1T2lCS1lYQmhiZyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #0B7E/AS9009: Japan
ssr://ODkuMzEuMTI1LjIwMTozMDU5OTphdXRoX2NoYWluX2E6bm9uZTpodHRwX3NpbXBsZTpRbWxuU0dWaFpGTnpjZy8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPU1UQXpNek02ZEhCM2JYTjNNUSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6QkNOMFV2UVZNNU1EQTVPaUJLWVhCaGJnJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #EB06/AS9009: Japan
ssr://OTIuMTE4LjQ1LjE2OjMwNTk5OmF1dGhfY2hhaW5fYTphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpodHRwX3NpbXBsZTpRbWxuU0dWaFpGTnpjZy8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPU1UQXpNek02ZEhCM2JYTjNNUSZyZW1hcmtzPUkwVkNNRFl2UVZNNU1EQTVPaUJLWVhCaGJnJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #30F8/AS63949: Singapore
ssr://MTM5LjE2Mi45LjEyMDozMDU5OTphdXRoX2NoYWluX2E6YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6UW1sblNHVmhaRk56Y2cvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1NVEF6TXpNNmRIQjNiWE4zTVEmcmVtYXJrcz1Jek13UmpndlFWTTJNemswT1RvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #D8BF/AS9009: Singapore
ssr://MjE3LjE5Ny4xNjEuMTA2OjMwNTk5OmF1dGhfY2hhaW5fYTphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpodHRwX3NpbXBsZTpRbWxuU0dWaFpGTnpjZy8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPU1UQXpNek02ZEhCM2JYTjNNUSZyZW1hcmtzPUkwUTRRa1l2UVZNNU1EQTVPaUJUYVc1bllYQnZjbVUmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #1482/AS8100: United States
ssr://MTA3LjE1MC44LjE2NDozMDU5OTphdXRoX2NoYWluX2E6YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6UW1sblNHVmhaRk56Y2cvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1NVEF6TXpNNmRIQjNiWE4zTVEmcmVtYXJrcz1JekUwT0RJdlFWTTRNVEF3T2lCVmJtbDBaV1FnVTNSaGRHVnomZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #0C21/AS134520: United States
ssr://MzguMTQzLjAuMjMyOjMwNTk5OmF1dGhfYWVzMTI4X3NoYTE6YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6UW1sblNHVmhaRk56Y2cvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1NVEF6TXpNNmRIQjNiWE4zTVEmcmVtYXJrcz1JekJETWpFdlFWTXhNelExTWpBNklGVnVhWFJsWkNCVGRHRjBaWE0mZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #217E/AS25820: United States
ssr://NjcuMjMwLjE2Mi4xNjg6MzA1OTk6YXV0aF9jaGFpbl9hOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOmh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOlFtbG5TR1ZoWkZOemNnLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09TVRBek16TTZkSEIzYlhOM01RJnJlbWFya3M9SXpJeE4wVXZRVk15TlRneU1Eb2dWVzVwZEdWa0lGTjBZWFJsY3cmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #7180/AS134520: United States
ssr://MzguMTA2LjIwLjIwNTozMDU5OTphdXRoX2NoYWluX2E6YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6UW1sblNHVmhaRk56Y2cvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JemN4T0RBdlFWTXhNelExTWpBNklGVnVhWFJsWkNCVGRHRjBaWE0mZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #E068/AS20473: Germany
ssr://MTQwLjgyLjM2LjUxOjMwNTk5OmF1dGhfYWVzMTI4X3NoYTE6YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6UW1sblNHVmhaRk56Y2cvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1NVEF6TXpNNmRIQjNiWE4zTVEmcmVtYXJrcz1JMFV3TmpndlFWTXlNRFEzTXpvZ1IyVnliV0Z1ZVEmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #1680/AS9009: Japan
ssr://OTIuMTE4LjQ1LjI0OTo0MjQyODphdXRoX2NoYWluX2E6YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6dGxzMS4yX3RpY2tldF9hdXRoOlJXMXdhRUpyLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09NUxpTjVhR3I1WWlaNVktVzZJcUM1NEs1NkllcTVhNmE1TG1KNXJlMzVyZUc1WS1DNXBXdyZwcm90b3BhcmFtPTZJcUM1NEs1NVkyVjU2dXY1WS1qNXBlMjVwZWc1cFdJJnJlbWFya3M9SXpFMk9EQXZRVk01TURBNU9pQktZWEJoYmcmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #B096/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://MTA0LjI0OC4xNzAuOTA6NDA1NTY6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOllWbDJPVTlCWTJkNlQwdDYvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMEl3T1RZdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUV0cGJtZGtiMjAmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #18AD/AS63949: United States
ssr://NDUuNzkuMTEwLjE5OjE2NTg1Om9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpiVGxuYTFoaFltUjVaR0pHLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpFNFFVUXZRVk0yTXprME9Ub2dWVzVwZEdWa0lGTjBZWFJsY3cmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #358A/AS8075: Republic of Korea
ssr://NTIuMjMxLjE2MS43MTo4MDphdXRoX2FlczEyOF9zaGExOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOmh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOlFtbG5TR1ZoWkZOemNnLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09TVRFeE1UYzZlVGcxZFRreSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6TTFPRUV2UVZNNE1EYzFPaUJTWlhCMVlteHBZeUJ2WmlCTGIzSmxZUSZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #1B98/AS40676: Singapore
ssr://MTAzLjExNC4xNjAuMTQ4OjMwNTk5OmF1dGhfY2hhaW5fYTphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpodHRwX3NpbXBsZTpRbWxuU0dWaFpGTnpjZy8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPU1UQXpNek02ZEhCM2JYTjNNUSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6RkNPVGd2UVZNME1EWTNOam9nVTJsdVoyRndiM0psJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #2417/AS8075: Japan
ssr://MjAuNDMuODMuMjA3OjgwOmF1dGhfYWVzMTI4X3NoYTE6YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6UW1sblNHVmhaRk56Y2cvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1NVEF6TXpNNmRIQjNiWE4zTVEmcmVtYXJrcz1JekkwTVRjdlFWTTRNRGMxT2lCS1lYQmhiZyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #98B4/AS57494: Russia
ssr://MTg4LjExOS42NS4xNjE6MzA1OTk6YXV0aF9jaGFpbl9hOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOmh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOlFtbG5TR1ZoWkZOemNnLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09TVRBek16TTZkSEIzYlhOM01RJnJlbWFya3M9SXprNFFqUXZRVk0xTnpRNU5Eb2dVblZ6YzJsaCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #908A/AS199524: Russia
ssr://OTIuMjIzLjcyLjE0MzozMDU5OTphdXRoX2NoYWluX2E6YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6UW1sblNHVmhaRk56Y2cvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1NVEF6TXpNNmRIQjNiWE4zTVEmcmVtYXJrcz1Jemt3T0VFdlFWTXhPVGsxTWpRNklGSjFjM05wWVEmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #DAAA/AS8075: Hong Kong
ssr://NTIuMTg0LjI2LjEzNDozMDU5OTphdXRoX2FlczEyOF9zaGExOm5vbmU6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6UW1sblNHVmhaRk56Y2cvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1NVEF6TXpNNmRIQjNiWE4zTVEmcmVtYXJrcz1JMFJCUVVFdlFWTTRNRGMxT2lCSWIyNW5JRXR2Ym1jJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #E727/AS25820: Canada
ssr://MTczLjI0Mi4xMjEuMjUxOjMwNTk5OmF1dGhfYWVzMTI4X3NoYTE6YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6UW1sblNHVmhaRk56Y2cvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1NVEF6TXpNNmRIQjNiWE4zTVEmcmVtYXJrcz1JMFUzTWpjdlFWTXlOVGd5TURvZ1EyRnVZV1JoJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #1102/AS40065: United States
ssr://MTcyLjI0Ny43Ni4xNTQ6MzA1OTk6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfc2hhMTphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpodHRwX3NpbXBsZTpRbWxuU0dWaFpGTnpjZy8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPU1UQXpNek02ZEhCM2JYTjNNUSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6RXhNREl2UVZNME1EQTJOVG9nVlc1cGRHVmtJRk4wWVhSbGN3Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #7EDC/AS9009: Japan
ssr://NS4xODAuNzYuMjA3OjMwNTk5OmF1dGhfYWVzMTI4X3NoYTE6YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6UW1sblNHVmhaRk56Y2cvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1NVEF6TXpNNmRIQjNiWE4zTVEmcmVtYXJrcz1JemRGUkVNdlFWTTVNREE1T2lCS1lYQmhiZyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #5AC8/AS4760: Hong Kong
ssr://NDIuMi45Ny4xNzI6MzA1OTk6YXV0aF9jaGFpbl9hOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOmh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOlFtbG5TR1ZoWkZOemNnLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09TVRBek16TTZkSEIzYlhOM01RJnJlbWFya3M9SXpWQlF6Z3ZRVk0wTnpZd09pQkliMjVuSUV0dmJtYyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #0BED/AS9009: Japan
ssr://NS4xODAuNzYuMjA2OjMwNTk5OmF1dGhfYWVzMTI4X3NoYTE6YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6UW1sblNHVmhaRk56Y2cvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1NVEF6TXpNNmRIQjNiWE4zTVEmcmVtYXJrcz1JekJDUlVRdlFWTTVNREE1T2lCS1lYQmhiZyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #028E/AS16276: Canada
ssr://MTQyLjQ0LjI0OS44MzozMDU5OTphdXRoX2FlczEyOF9zaGExOm5vbmU6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6UW1sblNHVmhaRk56Y2cvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JekF5T0VVdlFWTXhOakkzTmpvZ1EyRnVZV1JoJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #F8DA/AS134520: United States
ssr://MzguMTA2LjIxLjEwOTozMDU5OTphdXRoX2FlczEyOF9zaGExOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOmh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOlFtbG5TR1ZoWkZOemNnLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09TVRBek16TTZkSEIzYlhOM01RJnJlbWFya3M9STBZNFJFRXZRVk14TXpRMU1qQTZJRlZ1YVhSbFpDQlRkR0YwWlhNJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #0E90/AS20473: Japan
ssr://MTA4LjYxLjI0Ny43OjMwNTk5OmF1dGhfYWVzMTI4X3NoYTE6YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6UW1sblNHVmhaRk56Y2cvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1NVEF6TXpNNmRIQjNiWE4zTVEmcmVtYXJrcz1JekJGT1RBdlFWTXlNRFEzTXpvZ1NtRndZVzQmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #88FE/AS20473: Japan
ssr://MjA3LjE0OC4xMDMuNjM6MzA1OTk6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfc2hhMTphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpodHRwX3NpbXBsZTpRbWxuU0dWaFpGTnpjZy8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPU1UQXpNek02ZEhCM2JYTjNNUSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6ZzRSa1V2UVZNeU1EUTNNem9nU21Gd1lXNCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #A834/AS20473: Australia
ssr://MTQ5LjI4LjE2OC4zNzozMDU5OTphdXRoX2FlczEyOF9zaGExOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOmh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOlFtbG5TR1ZoWkZOemNnLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09TVRBek16TTZkSEIzYlhOM01RJnJlbWFya3M9STBFNE16UXZRVk15TURRM016b2dRWFZ6ZEhKaGJHbGgmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #A8AA/AS9269: Hong Kong
ssr://MTQuMTM2LjUuODU6MzA1ODg6YXV0aF9jaGFpbl9hOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOmh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOlFtbG5TR1ZoWkZOemNnLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09TVRBek16TTZkSEIzYlhOM01RJnJlbWFya3M9STBFNFFVRXZRVk01TWpZNU9pQkliMjVuSUV0dmJtYyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #D89A/AS9009: Japan
ssr://MTkzLjM4LjEzOS4xMDc6ODA6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfc2hhMTpub25lOmh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOlFtbG5TR1ZoWkZOemNnLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09TVRBek16TTZkSEIzYlhOM01RJnJlbWFya3M9STBRNE9VRXZRVk01TURBNU9pQktZWEJoYmcmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #E97C/AS4785: United States
ssr://MTYxLjEyOS40My4xODM6MzA1OTk6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfc2hhMTphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpodHRwX3NpbXBsZTpRbWxuU0dWaFpGTnpjZy8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPU1UQXpNek02ZEhCM2JYTjNNUSZyZW1hcmtzPUkwVTVOME12UVZNME56ZzFPaUJWYm1sMFpXUWdVM1JoZEdWeiZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #94AE/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTcyLjEwNC45MS4xMTU6MjkyMjQ6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOmFWUnRlVWRKVFRCRmExcEcvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JemswUVVVdlFWTTJNemswT1RvZ1NtRndZVzQmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #9813/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTM5LjE2Mi4xMDMuMTQ3OjQ1NTM4Om9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjphMmh2WkcxUFoxQjVaRGRELz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXprNE1UTXZRVk0yTXprME9Ub2dTbUZ3WVc0Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #220A/AS20473: Japan
ssr://MjAyLjE4Mi4xMTguMjQyOjEyODk6YXV0aF9zaGExX3Y0OmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOmQzZDNMbVJoY25KbGJteHBkWGRsYVM1amIyMC8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6SXlNRUV2UVZNeU1EUTNNem9nU21Gd1lXNCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #DCDA/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTM5LjE2Mi43Ny4yMTg6NDM1NTA6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOk5rTkxRV3hyTVUxeGQyUTIvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMFJEUkVFdlFWTTJNemswT1RvZ1NtRndZVzQmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #F15E/AS16509: Singapore
ssr://NTQuMjU1LjI0Ny4xNjc6NDA3NTc6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOlNraHBkbE0xVFhKcmRWSXcvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMFl4TlVVdlFWTXhOalV3T1RvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #8420/AS20473: Germany
ssr://ODAuMjQwLjE3LjExNjoxMjgzMDpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46YzNBNE4zazNjSEkwLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpnME1qQXZRVk15TURRM016b2dSMlZ5YldGdWVRJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #7C4B/AS20473: Australia
ssr://NDUuMzIuMjQwLjExNToxMzc4MTpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46ZG1KcmIyVndZV3MvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JemRETkVJdlFWTXlNRFEzTXpvZ1FYVnpkSEpoYkdsaCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #41AB/AS16509: Japan
ssr://MTMuMTEzLjQxLjE5NDoxMjA0ODpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46UjBSQlIxTkxabVpoUVRCRi8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6UXhRVUl2UVZNeE5qVXdPVG9nU21Gd1lXNCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #3A08/AS50340: Russia
ssr://MTg4LjI0Ni4yMzMuMTU5OjQ0ODg4Om9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpabkExU1RSbmJtOWtkVVJFLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpOQk1EZ3ZRVk0xTURNME1Eb2dVblZ6YzJsaCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #573E/AS14061: Singapore
ssr://MTU3LjIzMC4yNDguMTk6NTAxOTQ6YXV0aF9zaGExX3Y0OmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOmh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOmJsVk5ValJZLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpVM00wVXZRVk14TkRBMk1Ub2dVMmx1WjJGd2IzSmwmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #B38E/AS14061: Singapore
ssr://MTU3LjIzMC4yNTEuMTM6MjE0NDQ6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOk4wVlVPVlJVYTNOd2REbEYvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMEl6T0VVdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #577F/AS16509: Singapore
ssr://NTQuMTY5LjIzMi4xOTA6MzA3MjE6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOmEyOTRTa1JJZEdGeGVEaFkvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JelUzTjBZdlFWTXhOalV3T1RvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #F618/AS4609: Macao
ssr://MTEzLjUyLjEyMS4xMjI6ODA4MTpvcmlnaW46Y2hhY2hhMjA6cGxhaW46Y0dGemMzZHZjbVF4TWpNMC8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPTVMdVk2TFM1VTFOUzVyT281WWFNT21oMGRIQTZMeTkwTG1OdUwwVkhTa2w1Y213JnByb3RvcGFyYW09ZEM1dFpTOVRVMUpUVlVJJnJlbWFya3M9STBZMk1UZ3ZRVk0wTmpBNU9pQk5ZV05oYncmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #CF9B/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://MTA0LjI0OC4xNjQuMTYzOjM0NjAxOm9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpVbk4wVTBsNE5tMTRkWFJQLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9STBOR09VSXZRVk14TkRBMk1Ub2dWVzVwZEdWa0lFdHBibWRrYjIwJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #DBBF/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTcyLjEwNS4yMzAuMTA6MTExODk6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOk4yaHpaVXBFTnpRMVNEWkUvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMFJDUWtZdlFWTTJNemswT1RvZ1NtRndZVzQmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #DC2B/AS14061: Singapore
ssr://MTc4LjEyOC4yMjMuODA6MTUzNTc6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOlZFWkNiV0kyZFhKb1MwRkkvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMFJETWtJdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #AB45/AS16509: Republic of Korea
ssr://MTMuMTI0LjE5My4xNzE6NDk0NTE6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOk1tdDFWbGRQYmxGRlIwOUovP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMEZDTkRVdlFWTXhOalV3T1RvZ1VtVndkV0pzYVdNZ2IyWWdTMjl5WldFJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #FB4A/AS20473: Singapore
ssr://MTY3LjE3OS4xMDUuMTM1OjgwOmF1dGhfY2hhaW5fYTpub25lOmh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOlpHOTFZaTVwYncvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMFpDTkVFdlFWTXlNRFEzTXpvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #0415/AS3462: Taiwan
ssr://MS4xNjAuNTkuMTY5OjU4NDphdXRoX2FlczEyOF9zaGExOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOmh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOlRrZERMbE5ULz9vYmZzcGFyYW09TkdZMk5tVXpNVE0wTWk1bmFYUm9kV0l1WTI5dCZwcm90b3BhcmFtPU16RXpOREk2WkdWRGJrZGwmcmVtYXJrcz1JekEwTVRVdlFWTXpORFl5T2lCVVlXbDNZVzQmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #F1B0/AS3462: Taiwan
ssr://MjIwLjE0Mi41MS40NTo4MDphdXRoX2FlczEyOF9zaGExOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOmh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOlRrZERMbE5ULz9vYmZzcGFyYW09TkdZMk5tVXpNVE0wTWk1bmFYUm9kV0l1WTI5dCZwcm90b3BhcmFtPU16RXpOREk2WkdWRGJrZGwmcmVtYXJrcz1JMFl4UWpBdlFWTXpORFl5T2lCVVlXbDNZVzQmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #DF0E/AS3462: Taiwan
ssr://MjIwLjE0Mi45OS40MTo4MDphdXRoX2FlczEyOF9zaGExOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOmh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOlRrZERMbE5ULz9vYmZzcGFyYW09TkdZMk5tVXpNVE0wTWk1bmFYUm9kV0l1WTI5dCZwcm90b3BhcmFtPU16RXpOREk2WkdWRGJrZGwmcmVtYXJrcz1JMFJHTUVVdlFWTXpORFl5T2lCVVlXbDNZVzQmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #2E7C/AS3462: Taiwan
ssr://MjE4LjE2Ni4xMzYuMjIwOjgwOmF1dGhfYWVzMTI4X3NoYTE6YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6VGtkRExsTlQvP29iZnNwYXJhbT1OR1kyTm1Vek1UTTBNaTVuYVhSb2RXSXVZMjl0JnByb3RvcGFyYW09TXpFek5ESTZaR1ZEYmtkbCZyZW1hcmtzPUl6SkZOME12UVZNek5EWXlPaUJVWVdsM1lXNCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #220C/AS3462: Taiwan
ssr://MjIwLjE0Mi40Ni4yMDE6ODA6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfc2hhMTphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpodHRwX3NpbXBsZTpUa2RETGxOVC8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPU5HWTJObVV6TVRNME1pNW5hWFJvZFdJdVkyOXQmcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1NekV6TkRJNlpHVkRia2RsJnJlbWFya3M9SXpJeU1FTXZRVk16TkRZeU9pQlVZV2wzWVc0Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #81C2/AS3462: Taiwan
ssr://MjE4LjE2Ni4yMzIuOTg6ODA6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfc2hhMTphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpodHRwX3NpbXBsZTpUa2RETGxOVC8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPU5HWTJObVV6TVRNME1pNW5hWFJvZFdJdVkyOXQmcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1NekV6TkRJNlpHVkRia2RsJnJlbWFya3M9SXpneFF6SXZRVk16TkRZeU9pQlVZV2wzWVc0Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #825F/AS3462: Taiwan
ssr://MjIwLjE0Mi41MS4xMDk6ODA6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfc2hhMTphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpodHRwX3NpbXBsZTpUa2RETGxOVC8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPU5HWTJObVV6TVRNME1pNW5hWFJvZFdJdVkyOXQmcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1NekV6TkRJNlpHVkRia2RsJnJlbWFya3M9SXpneU5VWXZRVk16TkRZeU9pQlVZV2wzWVc0Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #2E74/AS4760: Hong Kong
ssr://NDIuMy43Mi4xMzI6NTg2OmF1dGhfYWVzMTI4X3NoYTE6YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6VGtkRExsTlQvP29iZnNwYXJhbT1OR1kyTm1Vek1UTTBNaTVuYVhSb2RXSXVZMjl0JnByb3RvcGFyYW09TXpFek5ESTZaR1ZEYmtkbCZyZW1hcmtzPUl6SkZOelF2UVZNME56WXdPaUJJYjI1bklFdHZibWMmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #65F2/AS4760: Hong Kong
ssr://NDIuMy4xMDQuMTI6NTg2OmF1dGhfYWVzMTI4X3NoYTE6YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6VGtkRExsTlQvP29iZnNwYXJhbT1OR1kyTm1Vek1UTTBNaTVuYVhSb2RXSXVZMjl0JnByb3RvcGFyYW09TXpFek5ESTZaR1ZEYmtkbCZyZW1hcmtzPUl6WTFSakl2UVZNME56WXdPaUJJYjI1bklFdHZibWMmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #03FA/AS4760: Hong Kong
ssr://NDIuMi45Ny4yMzI6ODA4MDpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46ZFhWNWRXNC8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6QXpSa0V2UVZNME56WXdPaUJJYjI1bklFdHZibWMmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #5A99/AS15169: United States
ssr://MTcyLjIxNy4xNC4xMDA6MTphdXRoX2NoYWluX2E6Y2hhY2hhMjA6dGxzMS4yX3RpY2tldF9hdXRoOlluSmxZV3QzWVd4cy8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6VkJPVGt2UVZNeE5URTJPVG9nVlc1cGRHVmtJRk4wWVhSbGN3Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #DE59/AS15169: United States
ssr://MTcyLjIxNy4xNC4xMDA6MjphdXRoX2NoYWluX2E6Y2hhY2hhMjA6dGxzMS4yX3RpY2tldF9hdXRoOlluSmxZV3QzWVd4cy8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUkwUkZOVGt2UVZNeE5URTJPVG9nVlc1cGRHVmtJRk4wWVhSbGN3Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #65FC/AS16509: Canada
ssr://OTkuNzkuMTIzLjEwMjozMjM2ODphdXRoX2FlczEyOF9zaGExOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOmIyaHpjM0kyTmpZLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09TUdZMU1XRXlOVGMyTG0xcFkzSnZjMjltZEM1amIyMCZwcm90b3BhcmFtPU1qVTNOanBKTVZaRFJESSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6WTFSa012UVZNeE5qVXdPVG9nUTJGdVlXUmgmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #BBEB/AS16509: Ireland
ssr://MzQuMjQ0LjI0LjIzNTozMjM2ODphdXRoX2FlczEyOF9zaGExOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOmIyaHpjM0kyTmpZLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09TUdZMU1XRXlOVGMyTG0xcFkzSnZjMjltZEM1amIyMCZwcm90b3BhcmFtPU1qVTNOanBKTVZaRFJESSZyZW1hcmtzPUkwSkNSVUl2UVZNeE5qVXdPVG9nU1hKbGJHRnVaQSZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #403E/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://MTA0LjI0OC4xNzAuMzY6MTE2MjI6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOlFrMUlWV0ZMVDI5elowcEIvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JelF3TTBVdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUV0cGJtZGtiMjAmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #B628/AS16509: Singapore
ssr://NTQuMTY5LjIxMy4xNzc6MzkxMDY6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOmNETlpSRWhJYVZGcVZEbGgvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMEkyTWpndlFWTXhOalV3T1RvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #FF2C/AS20473: United States
ssr://MjA3LjI0Ni4xMDcuMjA2OjE5OTU6b3JpZ2luOmNoYWNoYTIwOnBsYWluOmQzVnFhV1V4TXpFMC8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPVl6QTRPVFF5TlRZdWJXbGpjbTl6YjJaMExtTnZiUSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUkwWkdNa012UVZNeU1EUTNNem9nVlc1cGRHVmtJRk4wWVhSbGN3Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #CDD9/AS20473: United States
ssr://MjA3LjI0Ni4xMDcuMjA2OjE5OTY6b3JpZ2luOmNoYWNoYTIwOnBsYWluOmQzVnFhV1V4TXpFMC8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPVl6QTRPVFF5TlRZdWJXbGpjbTl6YjJaMExtTnZiUSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUkwTkVSRGt2UVZNeU1EUTNNem9nVlc1cGRHVmtJRk4wWVhSbGN3Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #058D/AS45102: China
ssr://NDcuMjQ0LjE5Ny4yNzo0NjM0NDpvcmlnaW46cmM0LW1kNTpwbGFpbjpVVnA2TkZKMS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6QTFPRVF2UVZNME5URXdNam9nUTJocGJtRSZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #AD47/AS45102: China
ssr://MTQ5LjEyOS4xMDYuMTA3OjQ2MzQ0Om9yaWdpbjpyYzQtbWQ1OnBsYWluOlVWcDZORkoxLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9STBGRU5EY3ZRVk0wTlRFd01qb2dRMmhwYm1FJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #7AEE/AS45102: China
ssr://MTQ5LjEyOS42NS40NDo0NjM0NDpvcmlnaW46cmM0LW1kNTpwbGFpbjpVVnA2TkZKMS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6ZEJSVVV2UVZNME5URXdNam9nUTJocGJtRSZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #FA2E/AS45102: China
ssr://MTQ5LjEyOS43NC4xMjM6NDYzNDQ6b3JpZ2luOnJjNC1tZDU6cGxhaW46VVZwNk5GSjEvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMFpCTWtVdlFWTTBOVEV3TWpvZ1EyaHBibUUmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #3623/AS45102: Singapore
ssr://MTQ5LjEyOS41NC41MDo0NjM0NDpvcmlnaW46cmM0LW1kNTpwbGFpbjpVVnA2TkZKMS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6TTJNak12UVZNME5URXdNam9nVTJsdVoyRndiM0psJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #3326/AS45102: China
ssr://MTQ5LjEyOS44MS44NTo0NjM0NDpvcmlnaW46cmM0LW1kNTpwbGFpbjpVVnA2TkZKMS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6TXpNall2UVZNME5URXdNam9nUTJocGJtRSZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #C315/AS45102: Singapore
ssr://MTQ5LjEyOS41Ni4xMjQ6NDYzNDQ6b3JpZ2luOnJjNC1tZDU6cGxhaW46VVZwNk5GSjEvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JME16TVRVdlFWTTBOVEV3TWpvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #64A0/AS45102: Singapore
ssr://MTQ5LjEyOS41Mi4xNzQ6NDYzNDQ6b3JpZ2luOnJjNC1tZDU6cGxhaW46VVZwNk5GSjEvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JelkwUVRBdlFWTTBOVEV3TWpvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #4BBD/AS45102: Singapore
ssr://MTQ5LjEyOS41Ni45ODo0NjM0NDpvcmlnaW46cmM0LW1kNTpwbGFpbjpVVnA2TkZKMS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6UkNRa1F2UVZNME5URXdNam9nVTJsdVoyRndiM0psJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #B1C0/AS45102: China
ssr://MTQ5LjEyOS4xMTkuMjMxOjQ2MzQ0Om9yaWdpbjpyYzQtbWQ1OnBsYWluOlVWcDZORkoxLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9STBJeFF6QXZRVk0wTlRFd01qb2dRMmhwYm1FJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #23FC/AS45102: China
ssr://NDcuMjQwLjE1LjY2OjQ2MzQ0Om9yaWdpbjpyYzQtbWQ1OnBsYWluOlVWcDZORkoxLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpJelJrTXZRVk0wTlRFd01qb2dRMmhwYm1FJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #5E75/AS15169
ssr://MzUuMTk0LjIyMC4xNTE6NDYzNDQ6b3JpZ2luOnJjNC1tZDU6cGxhaW46VVZwNk5GSjEvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JelZGTnpVdlFWTXhOVEUyT1EmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #B7F1/AS15169: United States
ssr://MzUuMjQwLjI1MS4zMjo0NjM0NDpvcmlnaW46cmM0LW1kNTpwbGFpbjpVVnA2TkZKMS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUkwSTNSakV2UVZNeE5URTJPVG9nVlc1cGRHVmtJRk4wWVhSbGN3Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #421B/AS54574: Hong Kong
ssr://MTAzLjEzNS4yNTAuODI6NDYzNDQ6b3JpZ2luOnJjNC1tZDU6cGxhaW46VVZwNk5GSjEvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JelF5TVVJdlFWTTFORFUzTkRvZ1NHOXVaeUJMYjI1biZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #08F3/AS45102: Hong Kong
ssr://NDcuNTIuNjMuMjAxOjQ2MzQ0Om9yaWdpbjpyYzQtbWQ1OnBsYWluOlVWcDZORkoxLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpBNFJqTXZRVk0wTlRFd01qb2dTRzl1WnlCTGIyNW4mZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #3614/AS54574: Hong Kong
ssr://MTkzLjExMC4yMDEuMTcwOjQ2MzQ0Om9yaWdpbjpyYzQtbWQ1OnBsYWluOlVWcDZORkoxLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpNMk1UUXZRVk0xTkRVM05Eb2dTRzl1WnlCTGIyNW4mZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #EC1F/AS8075: Hong Kong
ssr://MjMuOTguNDMuMjE1OjQ2MzQ0Om9yaWdpbjpyYzQtbWQ1OnBsYWluOlVWcDZORkoxLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9STBWRE1VWXZRVk00TURjMU9pQkliMjVuSUV0dmJtYyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #7F7C/AS15169: United States
ssr://MzQuOTIuMjIuMjQ0OjQ2MzQ0Om9yaWdpbjpyYzQtbWQ1OnBsYWluOlVWcDZORkoxLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpkR04wTXZRVk14TlRFMk9Ub2dWVzVwZEdWa0lGTjBZWFJsY3cmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #1D49/AS8075: Hong Kong
ssr://MjMuOTguMzUuMjIxOjQ2MzQ0Om9yaWdpbjpyYzQtbWQ1OnBsYWluOlVWcDZORkoxLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpGRU5Ea3ZRVk00TURjMU9pQkliMjVuSUV0dmJtYyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #47FD/AS45102: Singapore
ssr://NDcuNzQuMTQ3Ljc2OjQ2MzQ0Om9yaWdpbjpyYzQtbWQ1OnBsYWluOlVWcDZORkoxLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpRM1JrUXZRVk0wTlRFd01qb2dVMmx1WjJGd2IzSmwmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #9FF7/AS45102: China
ssr://NDcuMjQ0LjE5Ny40Mzo0NjM0NDpvcmlnaW46cmM0LW1kNTpwbGFpbjpVVnA2TkZKMS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6bEdSamN2UVZNME5URXdNam9nUTJocGJtRSZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #A461/AS45102: China
ssr://NDcuMjQ0LjE5OC4yMjU6NDYzNDQ6b3JpZ2luOnJjNC1tZDU6cGxhaW46VVZwNk5GSjEvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMEUwTmpFdlFWTTBOVEV3TWpvZ1EyaHBibUUmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #5658/AS45102: China
ssr://NDcuMjQ0LjE2OS4yNDo0NjM0NDpvcmlnaW46cmM0LW1kNTpwbGFpbjpVVnA2TkZKMS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6VTJOVGd2UVZNME5URXdNam9nUTJocGJtRSZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #96F2/AS16509: Singapore
ssr://My4xLjE0NC4xNDg6NDYzNDQ6b3JpZ2luOnJjNC1tZDU6cGxhaW46VVZwNk5GSjEvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JemsyUmpJdlFWTXhOalV3T1RvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #CDCB/AS3462: Taiwan
ssr://MjIwLjEyOS4xNTMuOTY6NDgwMzY6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfbWQ1OmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOmh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOlVFaFFWMHQ0Lz9vYmZzcGFyYW09Wkc5M2JteHZZV1F1ZDJsdVpHOTNjM1Z3WkdGMFpTNWpiMjAmcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JME5FUTBJdlFWTXpORFl5T2lCVVlXbDNZVzQmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #78F7/AS9009: Japan
ssr://OTIuMTE4LjQ1LjIwOTo0ODAzNjphdXRoX2FlczEyOF9tZDU6YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6VUVoUVYwdDQvP29iZnNwYXJhbT1aRzkzYm14dllXUXVkMmx1Wkc5M2MzVndaR0YwWlM1amIyMCZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6YzRSamN2UVZNNU1EQTVPaUJLWVhCaGJnJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #22B1/AS16509: United States
ssr://MTguMjE4LjEyLjYyOjQ4MDM2OmF1dGhfYWVzMTI4X21kNTphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpodHRwX3NpbXBsZTpVRWhRVjB0NC8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPVpHOTNibXh2WVdRdWQybHVaRzkzYzNWd1pHRjBaUzVqYjIwJnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpJeVFqRXZRVk14TmpVd09Ub2dWVzVwZEdWa0lGTjBZWFJsY3cmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #5A45/AS14618: United States
ssr://MzQuMjM4LjM5LjE5Nzo0ODAzNjphdXRoX2FlczEyOF9tZDU6YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6VUVoUVYwdDQvP29iZnNwYXJhbT1aRzkzYm14dllXUXVkMmx1Wkc5M2MzVndaR0YwWlM1amIyMCZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6VkJORFV2UVZNeE5EWXhPRG9nVlc1cGRHVmtJRk4wWVhSbGN3Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #531D/AS16509: United States
ssr://MzQuMjEwLjIzNC4xNTA6NDgwMzY6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfbWQ1OmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOmh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOlVFaFFWMHQ0Lz9vYmZzcGFyYW09Wkc5M2JteHZZV1F1ZDJsdVpHOTNjM1Z3WkdGMFpTNWpiMjAmcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JelV6TVVRdlFWTXhOalV3T1RvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUZOMFlYUmxjdyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #D371/AS54574: United States
ssr://MTAzLjExNy4xMDEuMTQ6NDgwMzY6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfbWQ1OmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOmh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOlVFaFFWMHQ0Lz9vYmZzcGFyYW09Wkc5M2JteHZZV1F1ZDJsdVpHOTNjM1Z3WkdGMFpTNWpiMjAmcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMFF6TnpFdlFWTTFORFUzTkRvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUZOMFlYUmxjdyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #868B/AS4760: Hong Kong
ssr://MjAzLjIxOC4yNTIuMjUwOjQ4MDM2OmF1dGhfYWVzMTI4X21kNTphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpodHRwX3NpbXBsZTpVRWhRVjB0NC8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPVpHOTNibXh2WVdRdWQybHVaRzkzYzNWd1pHRjBaUzVqYjIwJnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpnMk9FSXZRVk0wTnpZd09pQkliMjVuSUV0dmJtYyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #1006/AS9381: Hong Kong
ssr://MTAzLjI0MS4xNjUuMTE0OjQ4MDM2OmF1dGhfYWVzMTI4X21kNTphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpodHRwX3NpbXBsZTpVRWhRVjB0NC8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPVpHOTNibXh2WVdRdWQybHVaRzkzYzNWd1pHRjBaUzVqYjIwJnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpFd01EWXZRVk01TXpneE9pQkliMjVuSUV0dmJtYyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #D37B/AS45102: China
ssr://MTQ5LjEyOS44NS4xNjY6NDgwMzY6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfbWQ1OmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOmh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOlVFaFFWMHQ0Lz9vYmZzcGFyYW09Wkc5M2JteHZZV1F1ZDJsdVpHOTNjM1Z3WkdGMFpTNWpiMjAmcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMFF6TjBJdlFWTTBOVEV3TWpvZ1EyaHBibUUmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #FC19/AS45102: China
ssr://MTQ5LjEyOS44MS44Njo0ODAzNjphdXRoX2FlczEyOF9tZDU6YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6VUVoUVYwdDQvP29iZnNwYXJhbT1aRzkzYm14dllXUXVkMmx1Wkc5M2MzVndaR0YwWlM1amIyMCZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUkwWkRNVGt2UVZNME5URXdNam9nUTJocGJtRSZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #030E/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://MTc4LjYyLjM5LjkxOjQzNTczOm9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpTMmh1U2xobVNtbzJVMnhILz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpBek1FVXZRVk14TkRBMk1Ub2dWVzVwZEdWa0lFdHBibWRrYjIwJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #B2EA/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://MTA0LjI0OC4xNzQuMjA6NDM2MzA6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOmFtbFVNVEZ4U0RkeU1ISkIvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMEl5UlVFdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUV0cGJtZGtiMjAmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #7F14/AS14061: Singapore
ssr://MTU3LjIzMC4yNTEuMTM6MTU0Nzc6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOk5uaHJRM3BKYWt4WVNWRlYvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JemRHTVRRdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #35C5/AS16509: Singapore
ssr://NTQuMTY5LjIzMi4xOTA6MjY3NDc6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOk1XczJSVlJEVUhCNFNGQlAvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1Jek0xUXpVdlFWTXhOalV3T1RvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #B0BE/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://MTA0LjI0OC4xNjQuMTYzOjI5MTY0Om9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpNV2sxWkdGMVlVeFhkekpuLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9STBJd1FrVXZRVk14TkRBMk1Ub2dWVzVwZEdWa0lFdHBibWRrYjIwJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #566A/AS14061: Singapore
ssr://MTc4LjEyOC4yMjMuODA6MjYzMDg6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOlFsWlpSalpIY2twU2JFMWkvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JelUyTmtFdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #2B69/AS16509: South Korea
ssr://MTMuMTI0LjE5My4xNzE6Mzg3MDQ6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOmEwVk9jR2xKVFc5bmJYbzMvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JekpDTmprdlFWTXhOalV3T1RvZ1UyOTFkR2dnUzI5eVpXRSZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #F804/AS21859: Hong Kong
ssr://MTAzLjEzNS4xMDIuMTE5OjEyNTc6YXV0aF9zaGExX3Y0OmNoYWNoYTIwOmh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOk5UYzROVFExTlEvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMFk0TURRdlFWTXlNVGcxT1RvZ1NHOXVaeUJMYjI1biZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #98D8/AS3462: Taiwan
ssr://MzYuMjI4LjIxNC4xNjA6NDQzOm9yaWdpbjphZXMtMTI4LWN0cjpwbGFpbjpibVY0YVhSaGJHeDUvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1Jems0UkRndlFWTXpORFl5T2lCVVlXbDNZVzQmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #370B/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://MTA0LjI0OC4xNzAuMzY6MzEyOTg6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOmIyNVRWVU5TZVc5bFRWVkYvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1Jek0zTUVJdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUV0cGJtZGtiMjAmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #045C/AS16509: Singapore
ssr://NTQuMTY5LjIxMy4xNzc6MzIwMjg6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOllXSkRRVGMwYWtOcGMzRkIvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JekEwTlVNdlFWTXhOalV3T1RvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #F755/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://NjguMTgzLjM4LjgwOjE0NTI3Om9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpOVTgxYkRCSlQxRkJaWFZoLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9STBZM05UVXZRVk14TkRBMk1Ub2dWVzVwZEdWa0lFdHBibWRrYjIwJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #F499/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://MTY3Ljk5LjIwMi4xMTM6MTU2NTI6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOk4yOXlPVTVPVEhGQ1kzQlAvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMFkwT1RrdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUV0cGJtZGtiMjAmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #44AC/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://MTA0LjI0OC4xNjIuNTA6NDQ4NTQ6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOk4wdHJkMVkwT1ZkSFQxSXcvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JelEwUVVNdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUV0cGJtZGtiMjAmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #A7A3/AS9269: Hong Kong
ssr://MTQuMTM2LjUuODU6NTIyNDY6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfbWQ1OmFlcy0yNTYtY3RyOmh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOlpHcHlORFkwWkdweWFnLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09Wkc5M2JteHZZV1F1ZDJsdVpHOTNjM1Z3WkdGMFpTNWpiMjAmcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMEUzUVRNdlFWTTVNalk1T2lCSWIyNW5JRXR2Ym1jJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #D8E1/AS9009: United States
ssr://NDUuMTIuMjA1LjIwMjoxMjUwMjpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46TVRJek5EVTJOemcvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMFE0UlRFdlFWTTVNREE1T2lCVmJtbDBaV1FnVTNSaGRHVnomZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #92BF/AS63949: United States
ssr://MTczLjIzMC4xNTIuMTkyOjE4NDQ3Om9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjplV3BpZVZSQ09FSTVVVzUwLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpreVFrWXZRVk0yTXprME9Ub2dWVzVwZEdWa0lGTjBZWFJsY3cmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #F565/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://MTA0LjI0OC4xNzEuMTQ4OjMzMDU0Om9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpaM2d3VEhSeVJVbDJVbXQzLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9STBZMU5qVXZRVk14TkRBMk1Ub2dWVzVwZEdWa0lFdHBibWRrYjIwJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #1CD1/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://MTA0LjI0OC4xNzAuOTA6MjQzNDY6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOmQxTmFRVkUxU1V4S05GUTAvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JekZEUkRFdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUV0cGJtZGtiMjAmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #4A58/AS9269: Hong Kong
ssr://NjEuOTIuMjAuMTk6MjAyNjI6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfbWQ1OnJjNC1tZDUtNjpodHRwX3NpbXBsZTpaVUZCWTNRNS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPWFHc3ljMk5vTVRNd01ESXlNelUyTG5kdWN5NTNhVzVrYjNkekxtTnZiUSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPU1qTTFOanBJZEU1NGQyayZyZW1hcmtzPUl6UkJOVGd2UVZNNU1qWTVPaUJJYjI1bklFdHZibWMmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #6244/AS16509: Japan
ssr://NTQuMjM4LjEyOC4yNTo0NDM6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfbWQ1OnJjNC1tZDUtNjpodHRwX3NpbXBsZTphRWRMVW04eS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6WXlORFF2UVZNeE5qVXdPVG9nU21Gd1lXNCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #B4A7/AS9542: Hong Kong
ssr://MTgyLjE2MS4zMy4xMDg6NDQzOmF1dGhfYWVzMTI4X21kNTpyYzQtbWQ1LTY6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6YUVkTFVtOHkvP29iZnNwYXJhbT1hR3N5YzJOb01UTXdNREl5TXpVMkxuZHVjeTUzYVc1a2IzZHpMbU52YlEmcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1Nak0xTmpwSWRFNTRkMmsmcmVtYXJrcz1JMEkwUVRjdlFWTTVOVFF5T2lCSWIyNW5JRXR2Ym1jJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #FD4F/AS16509: Japan
ssr://NTIuMTk2LjE2OS42ODo1NTM5MTpvcmlnaW46Y2hhY2hhMjAtaWV0ZjpwbGFpbjpNVFl5T0RZek1UVXpPQS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUkwWkVORVl2UVZNeE5qVXdPVG9nU21Gd1lXNCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #B130/AS40065: United States
ssr://MTYxLjEyOS40Ni4xMjM6NDQzOmF1dGhfYWVzMTI4X21kNTpyYzQtbWQ1LTY6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6YUVkTFVtOHkvP29iZnNwYXJhbT1hR3N5YzJOb01UTXdNREl5TXpVMkxuZHVjeTUzYVc1a2IzZHpMbU52YlEmcHJvdG9wYXJhbT1Nak0xTmpwSWRFNTRkMmsmcmVtYXJrcz1JMEl4TXpBdlFWTTBNREEyTlRvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUZOMFlYUmxjdyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #D478/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTM5LjE2Mi43Ny4yMTg6NDM5MTY6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOlVtOHdVVVpoUTNGWFdFeHEvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMFEwTnpndlFWTTJNemswT1RvZ1NtRndZVzQmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #AE58/AS57494: Russia
ssr://MTg4LjExOS42NS4yMzY6MTE1MzY6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfc2hhMTpyYzQtbWQ1Omh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOk9FVk1TVmRpLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09TURObE5XVXhOall5TG0xcFkzSnZjMjltZEM1amIyMCZwcm90b3BhcmFtPU1UWTJNam81UzFZMGVrdyZyZW1hcmtzPUkwRkZOVGd2UVZNMU56UTVORG9nVW5WemMybGgmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #6024/AS57494: Russia
ssr://MTk0LjE1Ni4xMjEuMzY6MTE1MzY6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfc2hhMTpyYzQtbWQ1Omh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOk9FVk1TVmRpLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09TURObE5XVXhOall5TG0xcFkzSnZjMjltZEM1amIyMCZwcm90b3BhcmFtPU1UWTJNam81UzFZMGVrdyZyZW1hcmtzPUl6WXdNalF2UVZNMU56UTVORG9nVW5WemMybGgmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #CCD4/AS3462: Taiwan
ssr://MjIwLjE0Mi4zOC4yMjA6MTE1MzY6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfc2hhMTpyYzQtbWQ1Omh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOk9FVk1TVmRpLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09TURObE5XVXhOall5TG0xcFkzSnZjMjltZEM1amIyMCZwcm90b3BhcmFtPU1UWTJNam81UzFZMGVrdyZyZW1hcmtzPUkwTkRSRFF2UVZNek5EWXlPaUJVWVdsM1lXNCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #AEEF/AS54600: United States
ssr://NDUuMTk5LjE4Ny4yMTA6MTE1MzY6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfc2hhMTpyYzQtbWQ1Omh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOk9FVk1TVmRpLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09TURObE5XVXhOall5TG0xcFkzSnZjMjltZEM1amIyMCZwcm90b3BhcmFtPU1UWTJNam81UzFZMGVrdyZyZW1hcmtzPUkwRkZSVVl2UVZNMU5EWXdNRG9nVlc1cGRHVmtJRk4wWVhSbGN3Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #5BE2/AS24282: Japan
ssr://MTMzLjE4LjE5OC4xNTE6MTE1MzY6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfc2hhMTpyYzQtbWQ1Omh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOk9FVk1TVmRpLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09TURObE5XVXhOall5TG0xcFkzSnZjMjltZEM1amIyMCZwcm90b3BhcmFtPU1UWTJNam81UzFZMGVrdyZyZW1hcmtzPUl6VkNSVEl2UVZNeU5ESTRNam9nU21Gd1lXNCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #FB3F/AS16509: Singapore
ssr://NTIuNzcuMTc0LjIzODo1NTM5MTpvcmlnaW46Y2hhY2hhMjAtaWV0ZjpwbGFpbjpNVFl5T0RZek1UVXpPQS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUkwWkNNMFl2UVZNeE5qVXdPVG9nVTJsdVoyRndiM0psJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #2E0B/AS14061: Singapore
ssr://MjA5Ljk3LjE2MC4xMzU6MjY4Nzg6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOlVtUlRjV2d3V2t0NU1UVTQvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JekpGTUVJdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #D210/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://MjA5Ljk3LjE4OC4xMjc6MzQzMDg6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOmFFeHlRekZyVlVWS01VcFEvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMFF5TVRBdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUV0cGJtZGtiMjAmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #B19A/AS133365: Taiwan
ssr://MTAzLjEyMi4yMy4xNjA6MTE1MzY6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfc2hhMTpyYzQtbWQ1Omh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOk9FVk1TVmRpLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09TURObE5XVXhOall5TG0xcFkzSnZjMjltZEM1amIyMCZwcm90b3BhcmFtPU1UWTJNam81UzFZMGVrdyZyZW1hcmtzPUkwSXhPVUV2UVZNeE16TXpOalU2SUZSaGFYZGhiZyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #EC0B/AS4760: Hong Kong
ssr://NDIuOTguMTgwLjIyMDoxMTUzNjphdXRoX2FlczEyOF9zaGExOnJjNC1tZDU6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6T0VWTVNWZGkvP29iZnNwYXJhbT1NRE5sTldVeE5qWXlMbTFwWTNKdmMyOW1kQzVqYjIwJnByb3RvcGFyYW09TVRZMk1qbzVTMVkwZWt3JnJlbWFya3M9STBWRE1FSXZRVk0wTnpZd09pQkliMjVuSUV0dmJtYyZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #AD82/AS3462: Taiwan
ssr://MTE4LjE2NS41Ni4xMjY6MzIzNjg6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfc2hhMTphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpiMmh6YzNJMk5qWS8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPTVMdVk2TFM1VTFOUzVyT281WWFNT21oMGRIQTZMeTkwTG1OdUwwVkhTa2w1Y213JnByb3RvcGFyYW09TWpVM05qcEpNVlpEUkRJJnJlbWFya3M9STBGRU9ESXZRVk16TkRZeU9pQlVZV2wzWVc0Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #1264/AS17709: Taiwan
ssr://MjEwLjIwMy4yMy4yMDU6MTE1MzY6YXV0aF9hZXMxMjhfc2hhMTpyYzQtbWQ1Omh0dHBfc2ltcGxlOk9FVk1TVmRpLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09TURObE5XVXhOall5TG0xcFkzSnZjMjltZEM1amIyMCZwcm90b3BhcmFtPU1UWTJNam81UzFZMGVrdyZyZW1hcmtzPUl6RXlOalF2UVZNeE56Y3dPVG9nVkdGcGQyRnUmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #4191/AS14061: Singapore
ssr://MTU3LjIzMC4yNTEuMTM6NDMxNTE6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOmJESlFhV3R1Vm1wRGJYZGEvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JelF4T1RFdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #E465/AS16509: Singapore
ssr://NTQuMTY5LjIzMi4xOTA6NDYwODI6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOk9EbHVkek00TnpNNWRXWnkvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMFUwTmpVdlFWTXhOalV3T1RvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #A7F5/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://MTA0LjI0OC4xNjQuMTYzOjQ2NzUxOm9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpObGh5ZG1oQlpFWkNla2d3Lz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9STBFM1JqVXZRVk14TkRBMk1Ub2dWVzVwZEdWa0lFdHBibWRrYjIwJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #E27A/AS14061: United Kingdom
ssr://MTc4LjEyOC4xNzAuOTk6NDIwMTc6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOk1ESTBhRzkyY0VWMWNYSk4vP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMFV5TjBFdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUV0cGJtZGtiMjAmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #7437/AS16509: Singapore
ssr://NTIuNzcuMjMyLjE3MToxNDMwMjpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46V21WNFIwdEpRMFJEYzNOeC8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6YzBNemN2UVZNeE5qVXdPVG9nVTJsdVoyRndiM0psJmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #952C/AS16509: Japan
ssr://NTQuNjQuMjM4LjIzMTozMTkyOTpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46Y0RSRWVHbDBUazFDUVVOai8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6azFNa012UVZNeE5qVXdPVG9nU21Gd1lXNCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #0D90/AS16509: Singapore
ssr://NTIuNzcuMjE2Ljk2OjIwMzU3Om9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpXV1ZIU2tSRWRrMUpSbTQ1Lz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpCRU9UQXZRVk14TmpVd09Ub2dVMmx1WjJGd2IzSmwmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #0FC1/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTcyLjEwNC4xMTkuOTg6MjY4NDQ6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOk5FeDRhR3gzVVZVM1ZrMW0vP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JekJHUXpFdlFWTTJNemswT1RvZ1NtRndZVzQmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #A378/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTcyLjEwNC45OS40MDo0NjkwMTpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46YmtGUk4zWlZka1pQYUV0SC8_b2Jmc3BhcmFtPSZwcm90b3BhcmFtPSZyZW1hcmtzPUkwRXpOemd2UVZNMk16azBPVG9nU21Gd1lXNCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn

// #2EB5/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTcyLjEwNS4yMzguNzg6MTA1NDk6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOldUSXlZVEpwT1hsd1NtOHovP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JekpGUWpVdlFWTTJNemswT1RvZ1NtRndZVzQmZ3JvdXA9UVhWMGIxTlRVZw

// #64C3/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTcyLjEwNS4yMjguMjI5OjE5NjczOm9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpkMFYzVGtoUk1qZEpTWFJJLz9vYmZzcGFyYW09JnByb3RvcGFyYW09JnJlbWFya3M9SXpZMFF6TXZRVk0yTXprME9Ub2dTbUZ3WVc0Jmdyb3VwPVFYVjBiMU5UVWc

// #4AB5/AS14061: Singapore
ssr://MTc4LjEyOC4yMjMuODA6MjA4ODg6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOk4yd3plV2gxVWtOaFdXb3cvP29iZnNwYXJhbT0mcHJvdG9wYXJhbT0mcmVtYXJrcz1JelJCUWpVdlFWTXhOREEyTVRvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD1RWFYwYjFOVFVn
```
