# SSR Links (30 stable)

```
// #C51C/AS57494: Russia
ssr://MTg1LjE3My45Mi4xODE6NDQzOm9yaWdpbjpyYzQtbWQ1OnBsYWluOmMzTnpjblV1YVdOMS8_cmVtYXJrcz1JME0xTVVNdlFWTTFOelE1TkRvZ1VuVnpjMmxoJmdyb3VwPTVZV042TFM1SUZOVFVpRHBvcEhwZ1pNZ2RDNXRaUzloZFhSdmMzTnk=

// #F90F/AS57494: Russia
ssr://NDYuMjkuMTYyLjQ2OjEwMjY6b3JpZ2luOnJjNC1tZDU6cGxhaW46T1RGMmNHNHVZMlk9Lz9yZW1hcmtzPUkwWTVNRVl2UVZNMU56UTVORG9nVW5WemMybGgmZ3JvdXA9NVlXTjZMUzVJRk5UVWlEcG9wSHBnWk1nZEM1dFpTOWhkWFJ2YzNOeQ==

// #3FE9/AS36352: United States
ssr://MjMuOTUuNzEuMTcyOjY1MzczOm9yaWdpbjpjaGFjaGEyMC1pZXRmOnBsYWluOmMzbHdhbVpsZVdacS8_cmVtYXJrcz1Jek5HUlRrdlFWTXpOak0xTWpvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUZOMFlYUmxjdz09Jmdyb3VwPTVZV042TFM1SUZOVFVpRHBvcEhwZ1pNZ2RDNXRaUzloZFhSdmMzTnk=

// #5B8A/AS36352: United States
ssr://MjMuOTUuNzAuMTg5OjU5NjA4Om9yaWdpbjpjaGFjaGEyMC1pZXRmOnBsYWluOmMzVndaWEp0ZVhOemNnPT0vP3JlbWFya3M9SXpWQ09FRXZRVk16TmpNMU1qb2dWVzVwZEdWa0lGTjBZWFJsY3c9PSZncm91cD01WVdONkxTNUlGTlRVaURwb3BIcGdaTWdkQzV0WlM5aGRYUnZjM055

// #E1D5/AS57494: Russia
ssr://OTEuMTg4LjIyMy43Mjo1NDM6YXV0aF9zaGExX3Y0OnJjNC1tZDU6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6YUhSMGNEb3ZMM1F1WTI0dlVrUXdSRGR6ZUE9PS8_cHJvdG9wYXJhbT1kQzV0WlM5VFUxSlRWVUk9Jm9iZnNwYXJhbT01THVZNkxTNVUxTlM1ck9vNVlhTU9taDBkSEE2THk5MExtTnVMMFZIU2tsNWNtdz0mcmVtYXJrcz1JMFV4UkRVdlFWTTFOelE1TkRvZ1VuVnpjMmxoJmdyb3VwPTVZV042TFM1SUZOVFVpRHBvcEhwZ1pNZ2RDNXRaUzloZFhSdmMzTnk=

// #5607/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTM5LjE2Mi4xMTUuMjE1OjgwOTc6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOlpVbFhNRVJ1YXpZNU5EVTBaVFp1VTNkMWMzQjJPVVJ0VXpJd01YUlJNRVE9Lz9wcm90b3BhcmFtPWRDNXRaUzlUVTFKVFZVST0mb2Jmc3BhcmFtPTVMdVk2TFM1VTFOUzVyT281WWFNT21oMGRIQTZMeTkwTG1OdUwwVkhTa2w1Y213PSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6VTJNRGN2UVZNMk16azBPVG9nU21Gd1lXND0mZ3JvdXA9NVlXTjZMUzVJRk5UVWlEcG9wSHBnWk1nZEM1dFpTOWhkWFJ2YzNOeQ==

// #973A/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTcyLjEwNC4xMjMuMTU4OjgwOTc6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOlpVbFhNRVJ1YXpZNU5EVTBaVFp1VTNkMWMzQjJPVVJ0VXpJd01YUlJNRVE9Lz9wcm90b3BhcmFtPWRDNXRaUzlUVTFKVFZVST0mb2Jmc3BhcmFtPTVMdVk2TFM1VTFOUzVyT281WWFNT21oMGRIQTZMeTkwTG1OdUwwVkhTa2w1Y213PSZyZW1hcmtzPUl6azNNMEV2UVZNMk16azBPVG9nU21Gd1lXND0mZ3JvdXA9NVlXTjZMUzVJRk5UVWlEcG9wSHBnWk1nZEM1dFpTOWhkWFJ2YzNOeQ==

// #207F/AS63949: United States
ssr://NjYuMTc1LjIyMy4yMjo4MDk3Om9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpaVWxYTUVSdWF6WTVORFUwWlRadVUzZDFjM0IyT1VSdFV6SXdNWFJSTUVRPS8_cHJvdG9wYXJhbT1kQzV0WlM5VFUxSlRWVUk9Jm9iZnNwYXJhbT01THVZNkxTNVUxTlM1ck9vNVlhTU9taDBkSEE2THk5MExtTnVMMFZIU2tsNWNtdz0mcmVtYXJrcz1Jekl3TjBZdlFWTTJNemswT1RvZ1ZXNXBkR1ZrSUZOMFlYUmxjdz09Jmdyb3VwPTVZV042TFM1SUZOVFVpRHBvcEhwZ1pNZ2RDNXRaUzloZFhSdmMzTnk=

// #B147/AS63949: Singapore
ssr://MTM5LjE2Mi4zNy4xNjE6ODA5NzpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46WlVsWE1FUnVhelk1TkRVMFpUWnVVM2QxYzNCMk9VUnRVekl3TVhSUk1FUT0vP3Byb3RvcGFyYW09ZEM1dFpTOVRVMUpUVlVJPSZvYmZzcGFyYW09NUx1WTZMUzVVMU5TNXJPbzVZYU1PbWgwZEhBNkx5OTBMbU51TDBWSFNrbDVjbXc9JnJlbWFya3M9STBJeE5EY3ZRVk0yTXprME9Ub2dVMmx1WjJGd2IzSmwmZ3JvdXA9NVlXTjZMUzVJRk5UVWlEcG9wSHBnWk1nZEM1dFpTOWhkWFJ2YzNOeQ==

// #B3BB/AS8075: United States
ssr://MTY4LjYyLjE2My4xMTc6OTkzOm9yaWdpbjpyYzQtbWQ1OnBsYWluOk1qQXhPUzR3TXk0d053PT0vP3JlbWFya3M9STBJelFrSXZRVk00TURjMU9pQlZibWwwWldRZ1UzUmhkR1Z6Jmdyb3VwPTVZV042TFM1SUZOVFVpRHBvcEhwZ1pNZ2RDNXRaUzloZFhSdmMzTnk=

// #17C3/AS137571: China
ssr://NDUuMjU0LjI1LjE2Mjo4MDphdXRoX2NoYWluX2E6bm9uZTpodHRwX3NpbXBsZTpUSGxMU1hBMy8_cHJvdG9wYXJhbT1NelF5T0RvNVFuaGlkVlE9JnJlbWFya3M9SXpFM1F6TXZRVk14TXpjMU56RTZJRU5vYVc1aCZncm91cD01WVdONkxTNUlGTlRVaURwb3BIcGdaTWdkQzV0WlM5aGRYUnZjM055

// #D833/AS16509: Japan
ssr://MTMuMjMxLjE0NC4xMTM6ODg4ODphdXRoX2FlczEyOF9zaGExOnJjNC1tZDU6cGxhaW46ZUdsaGJ3PT0vP3JlbWFya3M9STBRNE16TXZRVk14TmpVd09Ub2dTbUZ3WVc0PSZncm91cD01WVdONkxTNUlGTlRVaURwb3BIcGdaTWdkQzV0WlM5aGRYUnZjM055

// #4AEC/AS31798: Canada
ssr://MTA0LjE2Ny45Ny4xNjQ6ODA6YXV0aF9zaGExX3Y0OnJjNC1tZDU6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6ZEM1dFpTOVRVMUpUVlVJPS8_cHJvdG9wYXJhbT1kQzV0WlM5VFUxSlRWVUk9Jm9iZnNwYXJhbT01THVZNkxTNVUxTlM1ck9vNVlhTU9taDBkSEE2THk5MExtTnVMMFZIU2tsNWNtdz0mcmVtYXJrcz1JelJCUlVNdlFWTXpNVGM1T0RvZ1EyRnVZV1JoJmdyb3VwPTVZV042TFM1SUZOVFVpRHBvcEhwZ1pNZ2RDNXRaUzloZFhSdmMzTnk=

// #B6E3/AS31798: Canada
ssr://MTA0LjE2Ny45Ny4xNjQ6ODA4MDphdXRoX3NoYTFfdjQ6cmM0LW1kNTpodHRwX3NpbXBsZTphSFIwY0RvdkwzUXVZMjR2UlVkS1NYbHliQT09Lz9yZW1hcmtzPUkwSTJSVE12UVZNek1UYzVPRG9nUTJGdVlXUmgmZ3JvdXA9NVlXTjZMUzVJRk5UVWlEcG9wSHBnWk1nZEM1dFpTOWhkWFJ2YzNOeQ==

// #3008/AS56630: Italy
ssr://OTEuMjAxLjY1LjE0ODo5MDY5Om9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpkRWhMVnpkWGR6SnRZMnM1UTBoUlJ3PT0vP3JlbWFya3M9SXpNd01EZ3ZRVk0xTmpZek1Eb2dTWFJoYkhrPSZncm91cD01WVdONkxTNUlGTlRVaURwb3BIcGdaTWdkQzV0WlM5aGRYUnZjM055

// #EE8F/AS40676: India
ssr://MTAzLjEyNC4xMDcuNzo5MDUyOm9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjphblF5Wld0Q1RtTTVTSFZXZEcweVlRPT0vP3JlbWFya3M9STBWRk9FWXZRVk0wTURZM05qb2dTVzVrYVdFPSZncm91cD01WVdONkxTNUlGTlRVaURwb3BIcGdaTWdkQzV0WlM5aGRYUnZjM055

// #186F/AS56630: Russia
ssr://MTg1LjIyNC4yNDkuMzQ6OTAwMTpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46Vld0WVVuTllkbEkyWW5WRVRVY3lXUT09Lz9yZW1hcmtzPUl6RTROa1l2UVZNMU5qWXpNRG9nVW5WemMybGgmZ3JvdXA9NVlXTjZMUzVJRk5UVWlEcG9wSHBnWk1nZEM1dFpTOWhkWFJ2YzNOeQ==

// #9ED9/AS36352: United States
ssr://MTA3LjE3Mi4xNTYuMTMwOjgwOm9yaWdpbjpjaGFjaGEyMC1pZXRmOnBsYWluOmMzVndaWEp6YzNJdWJtVjAvP3JlbWFya3M9SXpsRlJEa3ZRVk16TmpNMU1qb2dWVzVwZEdWa0lGTjBZWFJsY3c9PSZncm91cD01WVdONkxTNUlGTlRVaURwb3BIcGdaTWdkQzV0WlM5aGRYUnZjM055

// #07A9/AS36352: United States
ssr://MTk4LjIzLjI1Mi4yMzE6ODA6b3JpZ2luOmNoYWNoYTIwLWlldGY6cGxhaW46YUdScGQyeG5hR0ZzWkdjM013PT0vP3JlbWFya3M9SXpBM1FUa3ZRVk16TmpNMU1qb2dWVzVwZEdWa0lGTjBZWFJsY3c9PSZncm91cD01WVdONkxTNUlGTlRVaURwb3BIcGdaTWdkQzV0WlM5aGRYUnZjM055

// #03E7/AS56322: Hungary
ssr://OTEuMjE5LjIzNy4xMTk6OTAwMTpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46WjJWMGRuQnVNakF4T1RBMU1ERT0vP3JlbWFya3M9SXpBelJUY3ZRVk0xTmpNeU1qb2dTSFZ1WjJGeWVRPT0mZ3JvdXA9NVlXTjZMUzVJRk5UVWlEcG9wSHBnWk1nZEM1dFpTOWhkWFJ2YzNOeQ==

// #CF05/AS44220: Romania
ssr://MTkzLjE0OC43MC4yNDE6ODA6YXV0aF9jaGFpbl9hOm5vbmU6aHR0cF9zaW1wbGU6VUVobmJtRlovP3Byb3RvcGFyYW09TVRvd1YxcDBZVGM9JnJlbWFya3M9STBOR01EVXZRVk0wTkRJeU1Eb2dVbTl0WVc1cFlRPT0mZ3JvdXA9NVlXTjZMUzVJRk5UVWlEcG9wSHBnWk1nZEM1dFpTOWhkWFJ2YzNOeQ==

// #12FF/AS9009: Japan
ssr://ODkuMzEuMTI1LjEyMDo5OTY6b3JpZ2luOnJjNDpwbGFpbjpiRzVqYmk1dmNtY2daelU9Lz9yZW1hcmtzPUl6RXlSa1l2UVZNNU1EQTVPaUJLWVhCaGJnPT0mZ3JvdXA9NVlXTjZMUzVJRk5UVWlEcG9wSHBnWk1nZEM1dFpTOWhkWFJ2YzNOeQ==

// #9AF7/AS9009: Japan
ssr://NDUuNjYuMTM0LjIzODo5OTY6b3JpZ2luOnJjNDpwbGFpbjpiRzVqYmk1dmNtY2dZVFU9Lz9yZW1hcmtzPUl6bEJSamN2UVZNNU1EQTVPaUJLWVhCaGJnPT0mZ3JvdXA9NVlXTjZMUzVJRk5UVWlEcG9wSHBnWk1nZEM1dFpTOWhkWFJ2YzNOeQ==

// #CD10/AS20473: Singapore
ssr://MTY3LjE3OS4xMTMuODE6NTU2Om9yaWdpbjpyYzQ6cGxhaW46Ykc1amJpNXZjbWNnZHc9PS8_cmVtYXJrcz1JME5FTVRBdlFWTXlNRFEzTXpvZ1UybHVaMkZ3YjNKbCZncm91cD01WVdONkxTNUlGTlRVaURwb3BIcGdaTWdkQzV0WlM5aGRYUnZjM055

// #696B/AS14061: Singapore
ssr://MjA2LjE4OS44MS4yMTk6MTU0NTY6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOk1rZHpjamxWZUdkdk0yZGkvP3JlbWFya3M9SXpZNU5rSXZRVk14TkRBMk1Ub2dVMmx1WjJGd2IzSmwmZ3JvdXA9NVlXTjZMUzVJRk5UVWlEcG9wSHBnWk1nZEM1dFpTOWhkWFJ2YzNOeQ==

// #8C1B/AS63949: United States
ssr://NDUuNzkuNjQuMTA5OjQ0MzpvcmlnaW46YWVzLTI1Ni1jZmI6cGxhaW46T1dRMlkyTmxZV0V6TnpOaVpqSmpPR0ZqWWpJeVpUWXdZalpoTlRoaVpUWT0vP3JlbWFya3M9SXpoRE1VSXZRVk0yTXprME9Ub2dWVzVwZEdWa0lGTjBZWFJsY3c9PSZncm91cD01WVdONkxTNUlGTlRVaURwb3BIcGdaTWdkQzV0WlM5aGRYUnZjM055

// #4A84/AS9009: Japan
ssr://NDUuNjcuNTMuNzY6NDQzOm9yaWdpbjphZXMtMjU2LWNmYjpwbGFpbjpia2hJY0dkbS8_cmVtYXJrcz1JelJCT0RRdlFWTTVNREE1T2lCS1lYQmhiZz09Jmdyb3VwPTVZV042TFM1SUZOVFVpRHBvcEhwZ1pNZ2RDNXRaUzloZFhSdmMzTnk=

// #070D: United Kingdom
ssr://NDUuMTIuMjA3LjEwMDo5OTY6b3JpZ2luOnJjNDpwbGFpbjpiRzVqYmk1dmNtY2daelU9Lz9yZW1hcmtzPUl6QTNNRVE2SUZWdWFYUmxaQ0JMYVc1blpHOXQmZ3JvdXA9NVlXTjZMUzVJRk5UVWlEcG9wSHBnWk1nZEM1dFpTOWhkWFJ2YzNOeQ==

// #0D73/AS63949: Japan
ssr://MTcyLjEwNC42NS4yMDQ6Mjk5ODc6b3JpZ2luOmFlcy0yNTYtY2ZiOnBsYWluOmVUZE1lakpqVjAwM1JFdEsvP3JlbWFya3M9SXpCRU56TXZRVk0yTXprME9Ub2dTbUZ3WVc0PSZncm91cD01WVdONkxTNUlGTlRVaURwb3BIcGdaTWdkQzV0WlM5aGRYUnZjM055

// #9407/AS20473: Japan
ssr://MjA3LjE0OC4xMTEuMTIxOjU1NjpvcmlnaW46cmM0OnBsYWluOmJHNWpiaTV2Y21jZ2R3PT0vP3JlbWFya3M9SXprME1EY3ZRVk15TURRM016b2dTbUZ3WVc0PSZncm91cD01WVdONkxTNUlGTlRVaURwb3BIcGdaTWdkQzV0WlM5aGRYUnZjM055
```
